
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.011071                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 11070679881                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               523679882769                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 380383                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   486769                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 271488                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67753892                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 40777.75                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 15511157252                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   19849331440                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       474496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       116864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       117248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       231040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       232832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       155008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       375680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       231808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       154880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       477696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       256256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       230016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       155392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       256896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       256512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       377088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4171648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           71936                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1276544                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1276544                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         3707                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          913                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          916                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         1805                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         1819                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         1211                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         2935                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         1811                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         1210                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         3732                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         2002                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         1797                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         1214                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         2007                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         2004                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         2946                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 32591                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            9973                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 9973                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       358424                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     42860602                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       427797                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     10556172                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       427797                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     10590858                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       404673                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     20869540                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       404673                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     21031409                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       474045                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     14001669                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       404673                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     33934682                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       381548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     20938913                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       462483                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     13990107                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       369986                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     43149653                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       381548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     23147269                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       393110                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     20777044                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       474045                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     14036356                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       369986                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     23205079                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       358424                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     23170393                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       404673                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     34061865                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               376819495                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       358424                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       427797                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       427797                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       404673                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       404673                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       474045                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       404673                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       381548                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       462483                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       369986                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       381548                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       393110                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       474045                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       369986                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       358424                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       404673                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            6497885                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         115308546                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              115308546                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         115308546                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       358424                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     42860602                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       427797                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     10556172                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       427797                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     10590858                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       404673                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     20869540                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       404673                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     21031409                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       474045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     14001669                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       404673                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     33934682                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       381548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     20938913                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       462483                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     13990107                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       369986                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     43149653                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       381548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     23147269                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       393110                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     20777044                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       474045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     14036356                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       369986                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     23205079                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       358424                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     23170393                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       404673                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     34061865                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              492128041                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        1761375                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1588882                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        94565                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       665951                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         629117                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          97003                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4156                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18692058                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             11064936                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           1761375                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       726120                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2188844                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        297117                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      2954458                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           11                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1074307                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        94735                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     24035579                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.540120                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.835907                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       21846735     90.89%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          77752      0.32%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         160751      0.67%     91.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          67825      0.28%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         362548      1.51%     93.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         324713      1.35%     95.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          62769      0.26%     95.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         130897      0.54%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1001589      4.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     24035579                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.066346                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.416784                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       18475431                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      3172550                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2180544                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         7074                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       199974                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       154808                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          233                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     12973586                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1417                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       199974                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       18502477                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       2948227                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       131731                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2163844                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        89320                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     12965378                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           41                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        46846                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        28926                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents          873                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     15229868                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     61056054                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     61056054                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     13472728                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        1757123                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         1565                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          821                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          205534                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      3056913                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      1544865                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14096                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        75476                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         12938806                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1570                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        12427331                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7535                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1018154                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2446412                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           71                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24035579                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.517039                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.305962                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19561109     81.38%     81.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1374249      5.72%     87.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1106179      4.60%     91.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       476085      1.98%     93.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       595600      2.48%     96.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       561106      2.33%     98.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       319998      1.33%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25473      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        15780      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24035579                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31234     11.33%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead       237421     86.14%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6975      2.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7800288     62.77%     62.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       108066      0.87%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          744      0.01%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2977617     23.96%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1540616     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     12427331                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.468101                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            275630                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022179                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49173406                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13958881                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12319900                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     12702961                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        22206                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       122569                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           54                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          352                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10549                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1098                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       199974                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       2874878                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        26343                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12940384                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          118                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3056913                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1544865                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          821                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        16036                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           20                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          352                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        54598                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        55953                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       110551                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12339896                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2968154                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        87435                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            4508569                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1617204                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          1540415                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.464808                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             12320303                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            12319900                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         6657097                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        13153169                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.464054                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.506121                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     11751448                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1190294                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1499                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        96420                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23835605                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.493021                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.310226                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19552772     82.03%     82.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1580007      6.63%     88.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       734736      3.08%     91.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       720909      3.02%     94.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       199938      0.84%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       822246      3.45%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62878      0.26%     99.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        45960      0.19%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       116159      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23835605                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     11751448                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              4468660                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             2934344                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               748                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1551994                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        10449670                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       113801                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       116159                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           36661162                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          26083496                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                401690                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               2512815                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            11751448                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.654839                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.654839                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.376671                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.376671                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       60998347                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      14312926                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      15440347                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         1498                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        2295624                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1911337                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       210854                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       868798                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         836070                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         246586                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9770                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19959027                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             12594992                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           2295624                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      1082656                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2623592                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        589198                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      1884076                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1634                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           82                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1241727                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       201554                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     24844838                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623161                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.985713                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       22221246     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         160034      0.64%     90.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         201386      0.81%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         322866      1.30%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         136142      0.55%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         173103      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         203114      0.82%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          93424      0.38%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1333523      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     24844838                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.086469                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.474416                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       19842511                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      2013895                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2610999                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         1289                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       376136                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       349238                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          291                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     15396692                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1644                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       376136                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       19863140                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         64753                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      1892569                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2591601                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        56632                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     15301530                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         8139                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        39322                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     21369349                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     71149293                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     71149293                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     17825151                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        3544158                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         3660                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1891                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          199820                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      1435842                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       748176                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8485                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       170422                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         14935821                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3675                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        14311268                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15357                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1845943                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3782297                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          106                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24844838                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576026                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.300502                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18782485     75.60%     75.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2764389     11.13%     86.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1129989      4.55%     91.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       633362      2.55%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       858428      3.46%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       265779      1.07%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       259765      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       139510      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11131      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24844838                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         98923     78.93%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13608     10.86%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12792     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12055912     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       195289      1.36%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1768      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1312761      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       745538      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     14311268                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.539063                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            125323                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008757                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53608052                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16785525                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13934580                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     14436591                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10629                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       277169                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           88                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11782                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       376136                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         49310                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6258                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14939502                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11647                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1435842                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       748176                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1892                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5421                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           88                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124104                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       119160                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       243264                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14059403                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1290263                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       251863                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            2035674                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1987282                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           745411                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.529576                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             13934695                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            13934580                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         8347295                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        22431642                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.524875                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.372121                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10370571                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     12779095                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2160440                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3569                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       212420                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24468702                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522263                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.340597                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19058124     77.89%     77.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2742942     11.21%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       995994      4.07%     93.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       495850      2.03%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       453005      1.85%     97.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       190172      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       188837      0.77%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        89511      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       254267      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24468702                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     10370571                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     12779095                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              1895064                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1158670                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              1780                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1852182                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        11505505                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       263929                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       254267                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           39153892                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          30255246                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                305594                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               1703556                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          10370571                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            12779095                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     10370571                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.559974                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.559974                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.390629                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.390629                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       63256873                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      19472135                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      14235148                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         3566                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        2296555                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1912097                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       210934                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       869135                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         836393                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         246691                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9776                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19967407                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             12600301                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           2296555                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      1083084                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2624686                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        589426                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      1875615                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1660                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           82                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1242243                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       201631                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     24846022                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623391                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986047                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       22221336     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         160109      0.64%     90.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         201463      0.81%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         323006      1.30%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         136194      0.55%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         173170      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         203189      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          93460      0.38%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1334095      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     24846022                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.086504                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.474616                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       19850798                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      2005563                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2612080                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         1292                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       376281                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       349387                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          291                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     15403093                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1644                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       376281                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       19871441                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         64926                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      1884012                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2592672                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        56683                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     15307871                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         8158                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        39345                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     21378258                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     71178701                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     71178701                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     17832708                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        3545546                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         3663                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1893                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          199952                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      1436415                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       748493                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8494                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       170489                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         14942033                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3679                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        14317259                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15372                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1846656                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3783787                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          106                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24846022                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576239                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.300685                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18781070     75.59%     75.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2765610     11.13%     86.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1130445      4.55%     91.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       633627      2.55%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       858841      3.46%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       265889      1.07%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       259849      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       139553      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11138      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24846022                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         98958     78.93%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13618     10.86%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12795     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12060970     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       195371      1.36%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1769      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1313295      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       745854      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     14317259                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.539289                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            125371                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008757                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53621283                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16792454                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13940422                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     14442630                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10637                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       277278                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           88                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11788                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       376281                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         49457                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6264                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14945718                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11656                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1436415                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       748493                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1894                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5428                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           88                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124154                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       119205                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       243359                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14065290                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1290775                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       251969                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            2036502                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1988096                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           745727                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.529798                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             13940537                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            13940422                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         8350817                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        22440956                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.525095                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.372124                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10374984                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     12784470                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2161300                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3573                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       212503                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24469741                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522460                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.340801                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19056844     77.88%     77.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2744136     11.21%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       996387      4.07%     93.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       496088      2.03%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       453214      1.85%     97.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       190247      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       188925      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        89545      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       254355      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24469741                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     10374984                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     12784470                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              1895836                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1159135                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              1782                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1852932                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        11510373                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       264041                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       254355                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           39161078                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          30267842                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                305720                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               1702372                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          10374984                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            12784470                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     10374984                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.558885                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.558885                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.390795                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.390795                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       63283367                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      19480334                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      14241150                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         3570                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               26547783                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        1938474                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1588536                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       192167                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       812676                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         755328                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         198489                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8559                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18545716                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             11024360                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           1938474                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       953817                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2424630                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        545106                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      1898710                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1144293                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       190978                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     23218757                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.580876                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.916048                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       20794127     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         262988      1.13%     90.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         302826      1.30%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         166290      0.72%     92.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         192294      0.83%     93.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         106567      0.46%     94.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          71998      0.31%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         187623      0.81%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1134044      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     23218757                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.073018                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.415265                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       18394419                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      2053189                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2405219                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        18216                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       347711                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       315441                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred         1990                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     13462510                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts        10522                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       347711                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       18422847                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        436631                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      1536224                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2395825                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        79516                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     13454266                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           38                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        19750                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        37427                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     18695231                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     62644656                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     62644656                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     15952363                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        2742810                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         3516                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1962                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          217203                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      1288812                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       700135                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18572                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       155587                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         13431192                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3524                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        12692262                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17835                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1683353                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3895928                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          395                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23218757                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.546638                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.239651                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17871623     76.97%     76.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2147977      9.25%     86.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1157187      4.98%     91.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       802250      3.46%     94.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       698458      3.01%     97.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       357446      1.54%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        86450      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        55529      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        41837      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23218757                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3050     10.95%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12358     44.38%     55.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12435     44.66%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10622853     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       198288      1.56%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1552      0.01%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1174746      9.26%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       694823      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     12692262                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.478091                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             27843                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002194                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48648959                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15118199                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12478545                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     12720105                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        31646                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       231794                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           72                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          132                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        16201                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          776                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          166                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       347711                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        393960                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12343                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13434734                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4037                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1288812                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       700135                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1962                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8719                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          132                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       110853                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       108064                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       218917                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12503041                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1102368                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       189221                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  18                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            1796994                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1749376                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           694626                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.470964                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             12478799                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            12478545                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         7416135                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        19430666                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.470041                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.381672                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9368278                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     11492927                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1941820                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3129                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       193168                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22871046                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502510                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.318615                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18176340     79.47%     79.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2176819      9.52%     88.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       913585      3.99%     92.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       546954      2.39%     95.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       379449      1.66%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       245011      1.07%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       127696      0.56%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102487      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       202705      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22871046                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      9368278                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     11492927                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              1740908                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1057001                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              1562                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1644678                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        10361377                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       233748                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       202705                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           36103023                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          27217300                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                286705                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               3329026                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           9368278                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            11492927                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      9368278                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.833795                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.833795                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.352884                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.352884                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       56395166                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      17319788                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      12559735                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         3124                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        1940920                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1591867                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       192595                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       793650                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         754994                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         198279                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8456                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18536665                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             11041909                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           1940920                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       953273                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2426708                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        549466                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      1909486                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1144284                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       191251                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     23226428                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.581356                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.916973                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       20799720     89.55%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         262644      1.13%     90.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         303830      1.31%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         166462      0.72%     92.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         191635      0.83%     93.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         105947      0.46%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          72532      0.31%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         187609      0.81%     95.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1136049      4.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     23226428                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.073109                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.415916                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       18384825                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      2064634                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2406599                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        18796                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       351571                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       314476                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred         1998                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     13477209                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts        10497                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       351571                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       18414426                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        513441                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      1469061                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2396558                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        81368                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     13467852                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           28                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        19736                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        38314                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents           31                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     18716010                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     62706983                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     62706983                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     15937722                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        2778283                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         3616                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2056                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          223487                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      1289042                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       699774                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18414                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       155619                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         13444900                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3617                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        12690068                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18050                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1711039                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3969401                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          487                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23226428                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.546363                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.239713                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17881148     76.99%     76.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2148562      9.25%     86.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1154534      4.97%     91.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       801919      3.45%     94.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       698782      3.01%     97.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       356820      1.54%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        87076      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        55699      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        41888      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23226428                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3178     11.35%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12385     44.25%     55.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12428     44.40%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10621369     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       198530      1.56%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1551      0.01%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1174049      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       694569      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     12690068                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.477998                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             27991                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002206                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48652605                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15159687                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12476311                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     12718059                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        31639                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       233033                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           72                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          133                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        16492                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          776                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          211                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       351571                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        469130                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12796                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13448539                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4926                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1289042                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       699774                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2054                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9117                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          133                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       111202                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       108658                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       219860                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12501381                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1102487                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       188687                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  22                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            1796860                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1748052                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           694373                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.470890                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             12476547                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            12476311                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         7417266                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        19433908                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.469946                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.381666                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9359756                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     11482287                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1966404                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3130                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       193605                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22874857                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501961                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.317796                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18183419     79.49%     79.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2175840      9.51%     89.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       912553      3.99%     92.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       547100      2.39%     95.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       378793      1.66%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       244884      1.07%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       127665      0.56%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102365      0.45%     99.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       202238      0.88%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22874857                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      9359756                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     11482287                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              1739288                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             1056006                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              1562                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1643106                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        10351785                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       233507                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       202238                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           36121245                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          27248972                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                286572                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               3321966                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           9359756                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            11482287                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      9359756                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.836441                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.836441                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.352555                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.352555                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       56388093                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      17317775                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      12576793                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         3126                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        2052961                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1679679                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202229                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       842512                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         806402                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         211013                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9171                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19751336                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             11481653                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           2052961                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      1017415                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2394734                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        553723                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      1105243                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1210161                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       202338                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     23600185                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597497                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933009                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       21205451     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         110964      0.47%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         176753      0.75%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         239111      1.01%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         246962      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         209037      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         117218      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         174620      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1120069      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     23600185                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.077329                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.432480                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       19547583                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      1311010                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2390078                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         2869                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       348642                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       337846                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          232                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     14087962                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1358                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       348642                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       19601584                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        195346                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       990742                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2339574                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       124294                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     14082251                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           18                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        18199                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        53399                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     19645214                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     65508158                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     65508158                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     16992776                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        2652438                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         3442                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1770                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          370111                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      1319564                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       713107                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8507                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       229877                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         14064790                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3456                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        13340347                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2015                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1584078                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3804221                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           84                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23600185                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565265                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.255052                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17910891     75.89%     75.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2374322     10.06%     85.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1191769      5.05%     91.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       871185      3.69%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       688946      2.92%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       281842      1.19%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       176676      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        92550      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12004      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23600185                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2773     12.42%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8508     38.10%     50.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11047     49.48%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11221030     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       199242      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1670      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1207635      9.05%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       710770      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     13340347                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.502492                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22328                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001674                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50305222                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15652388                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13139490                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     13362675                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27093                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       215632                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           66                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10832                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       348642                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        165024                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12606                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14068272                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          791                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1319564                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       713107                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1772                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10681                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           66                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       116665                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114425                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       231090                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13156211                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1136490                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       184136                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            1847199                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1868492                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           710709                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.495556                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             13139612                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            13139490                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         7542981                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        20334902                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.494926                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.370938                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9905937                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     12188845                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1879437                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3372                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       204578                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23251543                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524217                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.364632                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18212298     78.33%     78.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2517385     10.83%     89.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       932603      4.01%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       445298      1.92%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       399307      1.72%     96.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       216667      0.93%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       174128      0.75%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        85827      0.37%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       268030      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23251543                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      9905937                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     12188845                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              1806207                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1103932                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              1682                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1757632                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        10981932                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       250942                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       268030                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           37051717                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          28485220                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                301266                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               2948209                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           9905937                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            12188845                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      9905937                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.680049                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.680049                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.373128                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.373128                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       59206698                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      18303177                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      13057097                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         3368                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        1864767                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1525586                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       183963                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       764450                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         732962                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         191063                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8100                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18081292                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             10583548                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           1864767                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       924025                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2217165                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        537320                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       882874                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1113839                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       184944                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     21530635                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600748                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.945554                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       19313470     89.70%     89.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         120355      0.56%     90.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         189268      0.88%     91.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         302094      1.40%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         125185      0.58%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         139373      0.65%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         149255      0.69%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          96910      0.45%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1094725      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     21530635                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.070240                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.398651                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       17909212                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      1056630                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2210004                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         5750                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       349036                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       304949                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          271                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     12923914                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1608                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       349036                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       17937744                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        201818                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       773448                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2187772                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        80814                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     12914062                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents         2286                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        21451                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        30950                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4499                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     17924282                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     60072630                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     60072630                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     15252770                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        2671499                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         3355                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1880                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          243340                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      1233407                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       661552                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19597                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       150647                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         12893246                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3365                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        12188722                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15870                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1661724                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3715475                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          391                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21530635                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566111                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260003                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16391950     76.13%     76.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2062999      9.58%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1127104      5.23%     90.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       767856      3.57%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       719952      3.34%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       206374      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       162017      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        54897      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        37486      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21530635                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2879     12.59%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8999     39.35%     51.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10994     48.07%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10210502     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       192782      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1474      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1126888      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       657076      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     12188722                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.459113                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22872                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001876                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     45946821                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14558498                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11989364                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     12211594                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        36838                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       226535                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           34                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          169                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        21529                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          789                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       349036                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        132921                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10772                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12896633                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3662                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1233407                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       661552                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1880                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         7933                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          169                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       106772                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       105838                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       212610                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12012516                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1059402                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       176206                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  22                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            1716147                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1689626                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           656745                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.452476                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             11989562                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            11989364                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         7011668                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        18324951                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.451604                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.382630                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8960078                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     10982755                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1913912                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2974                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       187631                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21181599                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518505                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370163                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16721448     78.94%     78.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2161106     10.20%     89.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       842004      3.98%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       451220      2.13%     95.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       338799      1.60%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       189093      0.89%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       117922      0.56%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       104268      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       255739      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21181599                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      8960078                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     10982755                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              1646890                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1006867                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              1484                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1576464                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         9896344                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       223112                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       255739                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           33822462                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          26142418                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                295517                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               5017759                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           8960078                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            10982755                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      8960078                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.962965                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.962965                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.337500                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.337500                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       54167219                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      16618816                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      12051430                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         2970                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        1944420                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1594841                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       193073                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       796703                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         756697                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         198649                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8506                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18579756                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             11061021                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           1944420                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       955346                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2431664                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        549703                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      1910996                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1146879                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       191790                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     23275683                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.581107                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.916472                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       20844019     89.55%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         263054      1.13%     90.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         305408      1.31%     92.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         166974      0.72%     92.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         192018      0.82%     93.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         106254      0.46%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          72368      0.31%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         187378      0.81%     95.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1138210      4.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     23275683                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.073241                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.416636                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       18427678                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      2066318                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2411392                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        19019                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       351273                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       314964                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred         1994                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     13500448                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts        10536                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       351273                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       18457320                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        540000                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      1444084                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2401520                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        81483                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     13491034                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           28                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        19675                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        38446                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents           31                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     18749165                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     62814474                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     62814474                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     15972206                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        2776959                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         3624                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2060                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          223655                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      1291009                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       700854                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18530                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       155172                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         13467345                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3628                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        12714594                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17770                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1705872                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3958949                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          494                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23275683                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.546261                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.239560                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17919356     76.99%     76.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2153572      9.25%     86.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1156683      4.97%     91.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       803508      3.45%     94.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       700647      3.01%     97.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       356977      1.53%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        86952      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        55957      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42031      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23275683                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3169     11.35%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12289     44.02%     55.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12460     44.63%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10642545     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       198889      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1554      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1175968      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       695638      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     12714594                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.478921                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             27918                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002196                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48750559                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15176972                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12500563                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     12742512                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        31943                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       232703                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           74                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          129                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        16087                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          777                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          269                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       351273                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        495591                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12761                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13470993                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5120                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1291009                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       700854                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2063                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9063                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          129                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       111486                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       108919                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       220405                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12525155                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1104425                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       189439                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  20                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            1799830                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1751888                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           695405                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.471786                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             12500811                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            12500563                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         7430755                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        19467011                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.470859                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.381710                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9379974                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     11507212                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1963936                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3134                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       194091                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22924410                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501963                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.317763                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18222705     79.49%     79.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2180575      9.51%     89.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       914446      3.99%     92.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       548489      2.39%     95.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       379610      1.66%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       245546      1.07%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       127914      0.56%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102376      0.45%     99.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       202749      0.88%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22924410                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      9379974                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     11507212                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              1743073                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1058306                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              1564                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1646707                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        10374235                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       234025                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       202749                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           36192744                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          27293579                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                287077                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               3272711                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           9379974                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            11507212                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      9379974                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.830327                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.830327                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.353316                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.353316                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       56495774                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      17351659                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      12598819                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         3130                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        2052494                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1679149                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202123                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       842111                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         805833                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         211057                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9174                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19745115                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             11478056                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           2052494                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      1016890                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2394065                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        553179                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      1082393                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.MiscStallCycles          671                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1209850                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       202240                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     23570687                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598063                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933788                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       21176622     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         110797      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         176419      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         239591      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         246896      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         209461      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         116593      0.49%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         174567      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1119741      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     23570687                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.077311                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.432345                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       19542284                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      1287856                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2389490                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         2853                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       348201                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       337946                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          232                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     14084078                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1358                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       348201                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       19595983                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        189381                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       974047                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2339268                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       123804                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     14078482                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           18                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        18286                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        53105                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     19641726                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     65490306                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     65490306                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     16990588                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        2651138                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         3439                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1767                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          368688                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      1319021                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       713081                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8468                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       229946                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         14060901                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3453                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        13339198                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1998                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1579796                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3794076                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           81                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23570687                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565923                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.255616                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17881954     75.87%     75.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2373533     10.07%     85.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1192360      5.06%     90.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       871327      3.70%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       688401      2.92%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       281761      1.20%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       176910      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        92433      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12008      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23570687                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2757     12.35%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8520     38.18%     50.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11039     49.47%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11219782     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       199227      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1670      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1207769      9.05%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       710750      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     13339198                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.502448                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22316                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001673                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50273397                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15644219                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13137405                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     13361514                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27114                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       215226                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           72                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10892                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       348201                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        159009                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12609                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14064379                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          714                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1319021                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       713081                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1769                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10682                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           72                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       116499                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114548                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       231047                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13153995                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1136143                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       185203                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  25                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            1846824                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1868723                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           710681                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.495472                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             13137531                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            13137405                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         7542215                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        20330166                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.494847                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.370986                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9904674                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     12187289                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1877103                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3372                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       204472                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23222486                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524806                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365239                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18183354     78.30%     78.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2517550     10.84%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       932712      4.02%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       445519      1.92%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       398791      1.72%     96.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       216463      0.93%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       174383      0.75%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        85731      0.37%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       267983      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23222486                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      9904674                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     12187289                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              1805984                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1103795                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              1682                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1757403                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        10980543                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       250913                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       267983                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           37018817                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          28477000                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                301201                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               2977707                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           9904674                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            12187289                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      9904674                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.680390                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.680390                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.373080                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.373080                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       59194925                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      18301151                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      13053291                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         3368                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        1768285                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1595274                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        94468                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       653065                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         630278                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          97174                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4165                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18732847                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             11106253                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           1768285                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       727452                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2196307                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        299112                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      2911396                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1076515                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        94631                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     24042842                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.541964                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.839010                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       21846535     90.87%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          78038      0.32%     91.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         161109      0.67%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          67996      0.28%     92.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         363649      1.51%     93.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         325377      1.35%     95.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          62429      0.26%     95.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         131617      0.55%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1006092      4.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     24042842                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.066606                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.418340                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       18523470                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      3122257                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2187951                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         7100                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       202058                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       155302                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          234                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     13021639                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1429                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       202058                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       18549898                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       2908111                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       126373                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2172073                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        84323                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     13013714                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           49                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        43204                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        27984                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents          648                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     15287290                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     61280162                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     61280162                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     13509585                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        1777692                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         1573                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          827                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          198129                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      3066108                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      1549116                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14080                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        75999                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         12986649                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1577                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        12463152                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7686                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1036401                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2507006                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           74                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24042842                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.518373                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.307771                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19561047     81.36%     81.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1371328      5.70%     87.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1108113      4.61%     91.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       478666      1.99%     93.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       598541      2.49%     96.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       562790      2.34%     98.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       320869      1.33%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25632      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        15856      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24042842                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31444     11.36%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead       238294     86.10%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7012      2.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7823145     62.77%     62.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       108713      0.87%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          746      0.01%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2985723     23.96%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1544825     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     12463152                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.469450                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            276750                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022205                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49253581                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14024993                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12354461                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     12739902                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        22149                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       123840                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           55                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          367                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10651                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1101                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       202058                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       2840835                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        26268                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12988237                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          133                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3066108                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1549116                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          826                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        16047                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           11                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          367                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        54130                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        56591                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       110721                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12374855                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2976038                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        88296                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  11                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            4520673                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1621684                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          1544635                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.466124                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             12354887                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            12354461                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         6677379                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        13196550                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.465356                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.505994                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10027211                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     11783464                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1206258                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1503                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        96317                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23840784                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.494257                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.311633                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19546971     81.99%     81.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1583836      6.64%     88.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       735792      3.09%     91.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       723157      3.03%     94.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       200565      0.84%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       824889      3.46%     99.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        63380      0.27%     99.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        45964      0.19%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       116230      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23840784                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     10027211                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     11783464                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              4480733                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             2942268                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               750                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1556215                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        10478160                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       114118                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       116230                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           36714250                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          26181544                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                402088                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               2505552                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          10027211                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            11783464                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     10027211                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.647635                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.647635                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.377696                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.377696                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       61165764                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      14352629                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      15493052                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         1502                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        1788616                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1607757                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       142007                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1228945                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1200009                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         101358                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4207                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19090315                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             10179159                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           1788616                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      1301367                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2273157                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        471589                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       818695                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         1658                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1154635                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       139033                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     22512650                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.503490                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.730935                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       20239493     89.90%     89.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         357674      1.59%     91.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         167993      0.75%     92.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         353290      1.57%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         102440      0.46%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         329547      1.46%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          48460      0.22%     95.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          76918      0.34%     96.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         836835      3.72%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     22512650                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.067372                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.383419                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       18865971                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      1049266                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2268497                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         1872                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       327040                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       159162                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred         1784                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     11314243                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         4371                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       327040                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       18891615                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        762713                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       208151                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2244017                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        79110                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     11295729                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         8801                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        63653                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     14727031                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     51075757                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     51075757                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     11896121                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        2830910                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         1436                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          730                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          169530                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      2108033                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       312674                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1864                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        71037                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         11237694                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1441                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        10508991                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6846                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2066414                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4236128                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22512650                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.466804                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.075603                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17894344     79.49%     79.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1421527      6.31%     85.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1593447      7.08%     92.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       904496      4.02%     96.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       450619      2.00%     98.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       112774      0.50%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       129875      0.58%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3058      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2510      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22512650                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         16655     56.54%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7171     24.34%     80.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5631     19.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8196875     78.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        77870      0.74%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          707      0.01%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1923870     18.31%     97.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       309669      2.95%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     10508991                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.395843                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29457                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002803                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     43566935                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13305578                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10241540                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     10538448                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7635                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       434232                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           32                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         7805                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       327040                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        662204                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         9465                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11239145                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1362                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2108033                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       312674                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          729                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3828                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          268                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           32                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        96364                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        53634                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       149998                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10380503                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1897072                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       128488                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  10                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            2206709                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1584508                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           309637                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.391003                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             10244025                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            10241540                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         6214362                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        13252117                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.385769                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.468934                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8188872                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      9158654                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2081005                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1426                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       140959                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22185610                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.412820                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.282649                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18807798     84.77%     84.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1305450      5.88%     90.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       860989      3.88%     94.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       266055      1.20%     95.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       455443      2.05%     97.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        84461      0.38%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        53139      0.24%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        48050      0.22%     98.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       304225      1.37%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22185610                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      8188872                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      9158654                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              1978670                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             1673801                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               712                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1411440                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         7984605                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       108546                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       304225                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           33121018                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          22806631                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                432730                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               4035744                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           8188872                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             9158654                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      8188872                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     3.242009                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               3.242009                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.308451                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.308451                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       48358303                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      13279423                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      12126544                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         1424                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        1942604                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1592882                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       193004                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       793731                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         755461                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         198352                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8484                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18562065                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             11051245                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           1942604                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       953813                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2428978                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        550373                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      1846619                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1145948                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       191833                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     23191685                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.582782                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.919111                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       20762707     89.53%     89.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         262802      1.13%     90.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         304092      1.31%     91.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         166738      0.72%     92.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         191825      0.83%     93.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         106126      0.46%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          72435      0.31%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         187724      0.81%     95.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1137236      4.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     23191685                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.073172                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.416268                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       18409480                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      2002492                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2408763                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        18923                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       352024                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       315181                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred         1999                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     13490301                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts        10466                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       352024                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       18438837                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        491575                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      1428897                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2399132                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        81217                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     13481389                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           25                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        19548                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        38355                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents           31                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     18733298                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     62769708                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     62769708                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     15947850                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        2785448                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         3589                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2032                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          223482                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      1290544                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       700169                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18487                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       155271                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         13458304                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3598                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        12701759                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18132                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1712416                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3980589                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          468                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23191685                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.547686                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.241028                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17842450     76.93%     76.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2149630      9.27%     86.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1155233      4.98%     91.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       802213      3.46%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       700314      3.02%     97.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       357101      1.54%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        86979      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        55731      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42034      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23191685                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3125     11.22%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12313     44.22%     55.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12410     44.56%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10631672     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       198611      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1552      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1174976      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       694948      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     12701759                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.478438                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             27848                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002192                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48641183                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15174450                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12487657                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     12729607                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        31448                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       233859                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           83                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          134                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        16453                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          776                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          257                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       352024                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        447502                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12742                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13461922                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3000                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1290544                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       700169                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2035                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9082                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          134                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       111310                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       108879                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       220189                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12512418                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1102847                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       189341                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  20                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            1797612                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1749533                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           694765                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.471306                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             12487914                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            12487657                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         7420602                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        19447386                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.470373                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.381573                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9365642                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     11489623                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1972495                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3130                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       194011                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22839661                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.503056                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319084                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18145536     79.45%     79.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2176973      9.53%     88.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       913153      4.00%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       547147      2.40%     95.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       379221      1.66%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       245081      1.07%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       127813      0.56%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102160      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       202577      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22839661                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      9365642                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     11489623                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              1740401                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1056685                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              1562                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1644197                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        10358378                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       233667                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       202577                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           36099137                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          27276274                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                287049                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               3356709                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           9365642                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            11489623                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      9365642                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.834658                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.834658                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.352776                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.352776                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       56436784                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      17332182                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      12587058                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         3126                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        2055407                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1681676                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202477                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       843514                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         807365                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         211260                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9180                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19775139                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             11495415                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           2055407                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      1018625                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2397594                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        554376                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      1082766                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1211624                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       202590                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     23604773                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598094                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933882                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       21207179     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         111093      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         176972      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         239396      1.01%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         247239      1.05%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         209298      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         117359      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         174838      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1121399      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     23604773                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.077421                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.432999                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       19571138                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      1288782                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2392930                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         2876                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       349044                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       338253                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          232                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     14104808                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1358                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       349044                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       19625201                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        190908                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       972765                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2342375                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       124477                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     14099071                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           18                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        18269                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        53457                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     19668742                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     65586358                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     65586358                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     17013389                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        2655348                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         3446                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1772                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          370558                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      1321113                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       713956                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8519                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       230085                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         14081625                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3460                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        13356412                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2018                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1585791                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3808240                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           84                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23604773                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565835                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.255557                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17908640     75.87%     75.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2377160     10.07%     85.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1193199      5.05%     90.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       872249      3.70%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       689787      2.92%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       282176      1.20%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       176879      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        92659      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12024      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23604773                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2781     12.44%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8519     38.10%     50.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11058     49.46%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11234567     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       199482      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1672      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1209071      9.05%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       711620      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     13356412                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.503097                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22358                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001674                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50341973                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15670940                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13155342                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     13378770                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27126                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       215855                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           66                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10842                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       349044                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        160589                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12614                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14085111                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          791                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1321113                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       713956                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1774                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10688                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           66                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       116819                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114559                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       231378                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13172078                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1137848                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       184334                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            1849405                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1870747                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           711557                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.496153                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             13155463                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            13155342                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         7552100                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        20359442                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.495523                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.370938                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9917930                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     12203578                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1881538                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3376                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       204829                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23255729                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524756                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365228                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18210369     78.30%     78.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2520437     10.84%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       933774      4.02%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       445828      1.92%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       399759      1.72%     96.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       216934      0.93%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       174350      0.75%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        85921      0.37%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       268357      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23255729                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      9917930                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     12203578                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              1808369                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1105255                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              1684                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1759750                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        10995208                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       251243                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       268357                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           37072410                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          28519294                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                301640                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               2943621                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           9917930                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            12203578                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      9917930                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.676808                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.676808                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.373579                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.373579                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       59278061                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      18325304                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      13072741                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         3372                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        1788905                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1607873                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       142242                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1228476                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1199682                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         101483                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4228                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19096487                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             10182427                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           1788905                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      1301165                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2273455                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        472232                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       807892                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1155168                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       139196                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     22507064                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.503794                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.731473                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       20233609     89.90%     89.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         357427      1.59%     91.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         167847      0.75%     92.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         353131      1.57%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         102763      0.46%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         329680      1.46%     95.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          48515      0.22%     95.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          76867      0.34%     96.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         837225      3.72%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     22507064                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.067383                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.383542                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       18869940                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      1039024                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2268791                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         1859                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       327446                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       159120                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred         1784                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     11318268                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         4360                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       327446                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       18895558                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        752510                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       207962                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2244317                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        79267                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     11299583                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         8892                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        63732                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     14732209                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     51094845                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     51094845                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     11899377                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        2832824                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         1438                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          732                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          170080                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      2109044                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       313013                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1905                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        69501                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         11242093                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1443                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        10512824                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6800                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2068051                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4241917                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           17                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22507064                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.467090                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.076139                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17887763     79.48%     79.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1423375      6.32%     85.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1591302      7.07%     92.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       904419      4.02%     96.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       451234      2.00%     98.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       113261      0.50%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       130130      0.58%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3073      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2507      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22507064                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         16607     56.46%     56.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7162     24.35%     80.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5644     19.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8199696     78.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        77889      0.74%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          707      0.01%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1924661     18.31%     97.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       309871      2.95%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     10512824                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.395987                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29413                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002798                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     43568925                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13311617                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10245206                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     10542237                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7767                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       435030                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           33                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8008                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       327446                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        652183                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         9533                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11243544                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1333                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2109044                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       313013                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          731                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3859                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          275                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           33                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        96232                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        53940                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       150172                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10384970                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1898251                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       127854                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            2208094                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1585171                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           309843                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.391171                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             10247918                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            10245206                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         6216256                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        13257661                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.385907                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.468880                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8190740                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      9160977                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2083082                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1426                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       141196                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22179618                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.413036                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.282923                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18800771     84.77%     84.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1306021      5.89%     90.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       861148      3.88%     94.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       266168      1.20%     95.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       455433      2.05%     97.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        84557      0.38%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        53296      0.24%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        47929      0.22%     98.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       304295      1.37%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22179618                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      8190740                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      9160977                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              1979012                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1674010                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               712                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1411778                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         7986688                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       108592                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       304295                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           33119356                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          22815851                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                433349                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               4041330                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           8190740                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             9160977                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      8190740                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     3.241269                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               3.241269                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.308521                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.308521                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       48379035                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      13285597                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      12130355                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         1424                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        1784706                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1604295                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       141859                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1227089                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1197819                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         100967                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4139                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19049813                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             10156909                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           1784706                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      1298786                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2268215                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        471204                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       810503                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1152352                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       138865                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     22457125                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.503611                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.731114                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       20188910     89.90%     89.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         356841      1.59%     91.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         167841      0.75%     92.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         352672      1.57%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         101821      0.45%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         329136      1.47%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          48275      0.21%     95.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          76519      0.34%     96.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         835110      3.72%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     22457125                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.067225                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.382581                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       18824161                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      1040711                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2263572                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         1858                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       326819                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       158734                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred         1775                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     11289099                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         4342                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       326819                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       18849728                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        765331                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       196901                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2239109                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        79233                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     11270402                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         8825                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        63760                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     14693345                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     50960192                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     50960192                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     11863705                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        2829624                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         1424                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          721                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          170246                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      2104888                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       311543                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1940                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        69499                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         11212919                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1428                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        10485359                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6730                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2065606                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4233357                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           10                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22457125                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.466906                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.075903                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17850363     79.49%     79.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1417479      6.31%     85.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1589339      7.08%     92.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       902286      4.02%     96.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       449374      2.00%     98.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       112914      0.50%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       129814      0.58%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3054      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2502      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22457125                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         16530     56.40%     56.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7153     24.41%     80.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5623     19.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8177749     77.99%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        77659      0.74%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          704      0.01%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1920694     18.32%     97.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       308553      2.94%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     10485359                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.394953                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29306                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002795                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     43463879                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13279982                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10217499                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     10514665                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7634                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       434634                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           32                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         7741                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       326819                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        665197                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         9551                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11214354                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1330                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2104888                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       311543                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          720                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3899                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          273                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           32                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        96056                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        53722                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       149778                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10356867                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1893839                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       128492                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            2202366                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1581054                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           308527                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.390113                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             10220075                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            10217499                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         6200273                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        13219718                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.384863                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.469017                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8167957                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      9134442                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2080431                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1418                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       140813                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22130306                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.412757                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.282661                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18762037     84.78%     84.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1301214      5.88%     90.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       858909      3.88%     94.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       265369      1.20%     95.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       454054      2.05%     97.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        84251      0.38%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        53073      0.24%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        47798      0.22%     98.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       303601      1.37%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22130306                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      8167957                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      9134442                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              1974053                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1670251                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               708                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1407845                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         7963188                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       108180                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       303601                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           33041552                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          22756844                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                432135                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               4091269                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           8167957                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             9134442                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      8167957                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     3.250310                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               3.250310                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.307663                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.307663                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       48248811                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      13248423                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      12099953                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         1416                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        1867161                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1527163                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       184579                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       766116                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         734163                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         191311                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8147                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18117220                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             10595037                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           1867161                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       925474                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2219266                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        538475                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       800180                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1115951                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       185529                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     21486513                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.602610                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.948343                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       19267247     89.67%     89.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         120656      0.56%     90.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         189127      0.88%     91.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         302076      1.41%     92.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         125496      0.58%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         139844      0.65%     93.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         148736      0.69%     94.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          97423      0.45%     94.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1095908      5.10%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     21486513                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.070330                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.399084                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       17945665                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       973370                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2212158                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         5737                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       349580                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       305730                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          270                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     12937529                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1597                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       349580                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       17973947                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        209858                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       681409                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2190174                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        81542                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     12927784                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents         2928                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        21691                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        30667                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5556                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     17941847                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     60137449                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     60137449                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     15269792                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        2672055                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         3360                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1882                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          242363                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      1234714                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       661936                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19513                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       150489                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         12907756                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3372                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        12202394                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15830                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1660826                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3719445                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          393                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21486513                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567909                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.261419                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16340788     76.05%     76.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2066431      9.62%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1128667      5.25%     90.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       769383      3.58%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       720163      3.35%     97.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       206593      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       162066      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        54909      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        37513      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21486513                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2866     12.56%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8977     39.36%     51.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10967     48.08%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10222626     83.78%     83.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       192962      1.58%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1476      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1127709      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       657621      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     12202394                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.459628                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22810                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001869                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     45929941                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14572114                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12003120                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     12225204                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        36314                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       226756                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           38                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          167                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        21212                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          785                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       349580                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        134131                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10701                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12911148                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3602                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1234714                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       661936                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1884                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         7813                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          167                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       106876                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       106007                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       212883                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12026156                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1060240                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       176238                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  20                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            1717549                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1691813                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           657309                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.452990                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             12003323                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            12003120                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         7018509                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        18343559                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.452122                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.382614                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8970003                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     10994913                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1916317                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2979                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       188247                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21136933                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520175                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372063                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16672068     78.88%     78.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2163432     10.24%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       842657      3.99%     93.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       451321      2.14%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       339817      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       189291      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       117849      0.56%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       104597      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       255901      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21136933                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      8970003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     10994913                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              1648682                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1007958                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              1486                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1578226                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         9907258                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       223349                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       255901                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           33792197                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          26172072                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                296111                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               5061881                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           8970003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            10994913                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      8970003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.959686                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.959686                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.337874                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.337874                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       54228549                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      16637244                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      12064170                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         2976                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                         3738                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.932804                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         151663                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         5786                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        26.212064                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.286216                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    12.884979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1272.398559                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data         758.363050                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.006291                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.621288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.370294                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3663                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                  3664                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1226                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                1226                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3666                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                   3667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3666                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                  3667                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3704                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                3735                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total                 3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3707                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                 3738                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3707                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                3738                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     66866500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3609169686                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3676036186                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      3029811                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      3029811                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     66866500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3612199497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total     3679065997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     66866500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3612199497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total    3679065997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7367                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total              7399                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1226                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total            1226                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total               7405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total              7405                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.502783                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.504798                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.502780                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.504794                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.502780                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.504794                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2156983.870968                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 974397.863391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 984213.168942                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1009937                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1009937                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2156983.870968                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 974426.624494                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 984233.814072                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2156983.870968                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 974426.624494                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 984233.814072                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                668                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                     668                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total            3738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3707                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total           3738                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64144700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3283922117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3348066817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      2766411                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2766411                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64144700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3286688528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3350833228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64144700                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3286688528                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3350833228                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.502783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.504798                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.502780                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.504794                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.502780                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.504794                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2069183.870968                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 886588.044546                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 896403.431593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       922137                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       922137                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2069183.870968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 886616.813596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 896424.084537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2069183.870968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 886616.813596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 896424.084537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                          950                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.422074                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         177767                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         2998                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        59.295197                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          39.224566                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    31.445454                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   448.956047                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1527.796007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.019153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.015354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.219217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.745994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2837                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                  2839                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks            878                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                 878                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2855                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                   2857                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2855                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                  2857                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          913                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                 950                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          913                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                  950                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          913                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                 950                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    119881636                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    739287642                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     859169278                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    119881636                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    739287642                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total      859169278                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    119881636                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    739287642                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total     859169278                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         3750                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total              3789                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          878                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total             878                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         3768                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total               3807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         3768                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total              3807                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.243467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.250726                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.242304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.249540                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.242304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.249540                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3240044.216216                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 809734.547645                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 904388.713684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3240044.216216                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 809734.547645                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 904388.713684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3240044.216216                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 809734.547645                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 904388.713684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                491                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                     491                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total             950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          913                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total            950                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    116632430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    659114151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    775746581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    116632430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    659114151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    775746581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    116632430                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    659114151                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    775746581                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.243467                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.250726                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.242304                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.249540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.242304                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.249540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3152227.837838                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 721921.304491                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 816575.348421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3152227.837838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 721921.304491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 816575.348421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3152227.837838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 721921.304491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 816575.348421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                          953                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.422353                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         177772                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         3001                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        59.237587                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          39.223404                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    31.442619                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   449.486701                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1527.269629                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.019152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.015353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.219476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.745737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2841                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                  2843                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks            879                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                 879                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                   2861                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2859                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                  2861                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          916                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                 953                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          916                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                  953                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          916                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                 953                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    105838494                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    744006002                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     849844496                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    105838494                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    744006002                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total      849844496                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    105838494                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    744006002                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total     849844496                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         3757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total              3796                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          879                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total             879                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         3775                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total               3814                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         3775                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total              3814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.243812                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.251054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.242649                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.249869                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.242649                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.249869                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2860499.837838                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 812233.626638                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 891757.078699                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2860499.837838                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 812233.626638                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 891757.078699                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2860499.837838                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 812233.626638                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 891757.078699                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                494                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                     494                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total             953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          916                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total            953                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    102589894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    663581202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    766171096                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    102589894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    663581202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    766171096                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    102589894                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    663581202                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    766171096                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.243812                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.251054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.242649                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.249869                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.242649                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.249869                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2772699.837838                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 724433.626638                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 803957.078699                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2772699.837838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 724433.626638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 803957.078699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2772699.837838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 724433.626638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 803957.078699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                         1840                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.510321                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         177500                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         3888                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        45.653292                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          50.158636                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    23.359710                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   829.857193                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1144.134782                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.024492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.011406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.405204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.558660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                  3355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1883                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                1883                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                   3370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3369                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                  3370                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1805                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                1840                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1805                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                 1840                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1805                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                1840                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     70404954                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1528173870                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1598578824                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     70404954                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1528173870                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total     1598578824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     70404954                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1528173870                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total    1598578824                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         5159                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total              5195                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1883                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total            1883                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         5174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total               5210                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         5174                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total              5210                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.349874                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.354187                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.348860                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.353167                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.348860                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.353167                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2011570.114286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 846633.722992                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 868792.839130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2011570.114286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 846633.722992                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 868792.839130                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2011570.114286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 846633.722992                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 868792.839130                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks               1068                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                    1068                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1805                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total            1840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1805                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total           1840                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     67331349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1369655599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1436986948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     67331349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1369655599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1436986948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     67331349                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1369655599                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1436986948                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.349874                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.354187                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.348860                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.353167                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.348860                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.353167                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1923752.828571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 758811.966205                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 780971.167391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1923752.828571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 758811.966205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 780971.167391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1923752.828571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 758811.966205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 780971.167391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                         1855                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.513438                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         177497                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         3903                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        45.477069                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          50.636720                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    22.947264                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   835.605427                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1138.324027                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.024725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.011205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.408010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.555822                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3353                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                  3354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1882                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                1882                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3368                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                   3369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3368                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                  3369                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1819                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                1854                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1819                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                 1854                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1819                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                1854                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     75116917                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1545247498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1620364415                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     75116917                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1545247498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total     1620364415                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     75116917                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1545247498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total    1620364415                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5172                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total              5208                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1882                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total            1882                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5187                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total               5223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5187                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total              5223                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.351701                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.355991                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.350684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.354968                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.350684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.354968                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2146197.628571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 849503.847169                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 873982.963862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2146197.628571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 849503.847169                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 873982.963862                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2146197.628571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 849503.847169                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 873982.963862                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks               1068                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                    1068                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total            1854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1819                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total           1854                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     72043917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1385513173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1457557090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     72043917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1385513173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1457557090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     72043917                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1385513173                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1457557090                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.351701                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.355991                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.350684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.354968                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.350684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.354968                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2058397.628571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 761689.484882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 786168.872708                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2058397.628571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 761689.484882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 786168.872708                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2058397.628571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 761689.484882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 786168.872708                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                         1253                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.424725                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         154524                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         3299                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        46.839648                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.099272                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    30.441810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   584.213314                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1405.670328                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.014864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.285260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.686362                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2929                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                  2931                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks            958                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                 958                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                   2949                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2947                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                  2949                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1212                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                1253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1212                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                 1253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1212                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                1253                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     85938041                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    976191336                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1062129377                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     85938041                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    976191336                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total     1062129377                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     85938041                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    976191336                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total    1062129377                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         4141                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total              4184                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          958                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total             958                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         4159                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total               4202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         4159                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total              4202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.292683                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.299474                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.291416                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.298191                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.291416                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.298191                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2096049.780488                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 805438.396040                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 847669.095770                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2096049.780488                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 805438.396040                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 847669.095770                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2096049.780488                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 805438.396040                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 847669.095770                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                532                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                     532                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l205.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l205.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l205.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l205.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total            1252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1211                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total           1252                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     82338241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    868624736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    950962977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     82338241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    868624736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    950962977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     82338241                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    868624736                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    950962977                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.292441                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.291176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.297953                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.291176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.297953                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2008249.780488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 717278.890173                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 759555.093450                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2008249.780488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 717278.890173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 759555.093450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2008249.780488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 717278.890173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 759555.093450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                         2970                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.620791                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         117670                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         5016                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        23.458931                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.796040                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    22.341604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   868.115537                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1144.367610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.006248                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.010909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.423885                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.558773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999815                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3565                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                  3566                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks            812                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                 812                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3575                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                   3576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3575                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                  3576                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2930                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                2965                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2935                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                 2970                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2935                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                2970                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     61824611                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2685224946                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2747049557                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      7220502                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      7220502                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     61824611                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2692445448                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total     2754270059                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     61824611                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2692445448                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total    2754270059                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6495                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total              6531                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          812                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total             812                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6510                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total               6546                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6510                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total              6546                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.451116                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.453989                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.450845                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.453712                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.450845                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.453712                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1766417.457143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 916459.025939                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 926492.262057                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1444100.400000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1444100.400000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1766417.457143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 917357.903918                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 927363.656229                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1766417.457143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 917357.903918                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 927363.656229                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                458                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                     458                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total            2970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2935                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total           2970                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     58750708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2427885646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2486636354                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      6781502                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6781502                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     58750708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2434667148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2493417856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     58750708                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2434667148                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2493417856                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.451116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453989                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.450845                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453712                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.450845                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453712                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1678591.657143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 828629.913311                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 838663.188533                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1356300.400000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1356300.400000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1678591.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 829528.840886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 839534.631650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1678591.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 829528.840886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 839534.631650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                         1844                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.508083                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         177495                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         3892                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        45.605087                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          50.395276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    22.049397                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   834.639816                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1140.423594                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.024607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.010766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.407539                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.556847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3347                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                  3348                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1885                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                1885                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3362                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                   3363                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3362                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                  3363                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1811                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                1844                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1811                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                 1844                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1811                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                1844                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     67493801                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1511799672                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1579293473                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     67493801                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1511799672                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total     1579293473                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     67493801                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1511799672                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total    1579293473                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         5158                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total              5192                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1885                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total            1885                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         5173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total               5207                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         5173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total              5207                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.351105                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.355162                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.350087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.354139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.350087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.354139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2045266.696970                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 834787.229155                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 856449.822668                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2045266.696970                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 834787.229155                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 856449.822668                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2045266.696970                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 834787.229155                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 856449.822668                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks               1065                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                    1065                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total            1844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1811                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total           1844                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     64596401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1352762330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1417358731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     64596401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1352762330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1417358731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     64596401                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1352762330                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1417358731                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.351105                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.355162                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.350087                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.354139                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.350087                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.354139                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1957466.696970                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 746969.812258                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 768632.717462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1957466.696970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 746969.812258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 768632.717462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1957466.696970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 746969.812258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 768632.717462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                         1252                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.421327                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         154521                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         3298                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        46.852941                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.096737                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    30.454540                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   584.104004                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1405.766046                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.014870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.285207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.686409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2926                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                  2928                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks            959                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                 959                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2944                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                   2946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2944                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                  2946                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1211                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                1251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1211                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                 1251                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1211                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                1251                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     88210695                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    988600815                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1076811510                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     88210695                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    988600815                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total     1076811510                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     88210695                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    988600815                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total    1076811510                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4137                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total              4179                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          959                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total             959                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total               4197                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total              4197                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.292724                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.299354                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.291456                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.298070                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.291456                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.298070                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2205267.375000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 816350.796862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 860760.599520                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2205267.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 816350.796862                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 860760.599520                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2205267.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 816350.796862                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 860760.599520                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                532                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                     532                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l208.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l208.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l208.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l208.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total            1250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1210                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total           1250                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     84697699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    881752421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    966450120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     84697699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    881752421                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    966450120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     84697699                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    881752421                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    966450120                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.292482                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.291215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.297832                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.291215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.297832                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2117442.475000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 728721.009091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 773160.096000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2117442.475000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 728721.009091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 773160.096000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2117442.475000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 728721.009091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 773160.096000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                         3764                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.932645                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         151665                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         5812                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        26.095148                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.277638                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    13.128225                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1276.224696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data         754.302087                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.006410                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.623157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.368312                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3664                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                  3665                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1227                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                1227                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                   3668                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3667                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                  3668                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3729                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                3761                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total                 3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3732                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                 3764                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3732                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                3764                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     57504852                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3557337173                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3614842025                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      4293389                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      4293389                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     57504852                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3561630562                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total     3619135414                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     57504852                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3561630562                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total    3619135414                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         7393                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total              7426                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1227                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total            1227                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         7399                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total               7432                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         7399                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total              7432                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.504396                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.506464                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.504392                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.506459                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.504392                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.506459                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1797026.625000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 953965.452668                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 961138.533635                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1431129.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1431129.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1797026.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 954349.025188                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 961513.128055                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1797026.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 954349.025188                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 961513.128055                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                669                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                     669                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total            3764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3732                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total           3764                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     54687752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3228633340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3283321092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      4029239                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4029239                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     54687752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3232662579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3287350331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     54687752                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3232662579                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3287350331                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.504396                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.506464                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.504392                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.506459                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.504392                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.506459                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1708992.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 865817.468490                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 872991.516086                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1343079.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1343079.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1708992.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 866201.119775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 873366.187832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1708992.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 866201.119775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 873366.187832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                         2035                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.805810                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         114954                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         4083                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        28.154298                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.803090                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    19.975182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   928.649318                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1069.378220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014552                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.009754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.453442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.522157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3272                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                  3273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks            587                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                 587                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3278                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                   3279                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3278                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                  3279                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2002                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                2035                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2002                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                 2035                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2002                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                2035                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     79260580                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1565349698                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1644610278                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     79260580                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1565349698                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total     1644610278                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     79260580                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1565349698                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total    1644610278                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         5274                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total              5308                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          587                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total             587                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         5280                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total               5314                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         5280                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total              5314                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.379598                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.383384                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.379167                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.382951                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.379167                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.382951                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2401835.757576                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 781892.956044                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 808162.298771                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2401835.757576                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 781892.956044                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 808162.298771                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2401835.757576                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 781892.956044                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 808162.298771                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                291                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                     291                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total            2035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2002                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total           2035                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     76363180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1389574098                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1465937278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     76363180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1389574098                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1465937278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     76363180                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1389574098                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1465937278                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.379598                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.383384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.379167                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.382951                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.379167                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.382951                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2314035.757576                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 694092.956044                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 720362.298771                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2314035.757576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 694092.956044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 720362.298771                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2314035.757576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 694092.956044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 720362.298771                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                         1831                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.467690                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         177513                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         3879                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        45.762568                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          50.445985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    22.655798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   829.900035                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1144.465872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.024632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.011062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.405225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.558821                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3360                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                  3361                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1890                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                1890                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3375                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                   3376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3375                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                  3376                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1797                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                1831                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1797                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                 1831                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1797                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                1831                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     61264152                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1505281984                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1566546136                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     61264152                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1505281984                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total     1566546136                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     61264152                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1505281984                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total    1566546136                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5157                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total              5192                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1890                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total            1890                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total               5207                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total              5207                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.348458                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.352658                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.347448                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.351642                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.347448                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.351642                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1801886.823529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 837663.875348                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 855568.616057                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1801886.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 837663.875348                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 855568.616057                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1801886.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 837663.875348                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 855568.616057                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks               1062                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                    1062                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total            1831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1797                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total           1831                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     58278952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1347432605                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1405711557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     58278952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1347432605                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1405711557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     58278952                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1347432605                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1405711557                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.348458                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.352658                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.347448                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.351642                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.347448                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.351642                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1714086.823529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 749823.375070                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 767728.867832                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1714086.823529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 749823.375070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 767728.867832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1714086.823529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 749823.375070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 767728.867832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                         1256                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.420192                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         154527                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         3302                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        46.798001                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.093874                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    30.429403                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   585.536655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1404.360260                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.014858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.285907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.685723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2931                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                  2933                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks            959                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                 959                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2949                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                   2951                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2949                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                  2951                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1215                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                1256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1215                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                 1256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1215                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                1256                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     76584867                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    964629716                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1041214583                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     76584867                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    964629716                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total     1041214583                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     76584867                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    964629716                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total    1041214583                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         4146                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total              4189                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          959                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total             959                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         4164                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total               4207                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         4164                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total              4207                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.293054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.299833                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.291787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.298550                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.291787                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.298550                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1867923.585366                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 793933.922634                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 828992.502389                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1867923.585366                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 793933.922634                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 828992.502389                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1867923.585366                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 793933.922634                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 828992.502389                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                533                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                     533                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l212.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l212.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l212.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l212.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total            1255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1214                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total           1255                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     72985067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    857432101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    930417168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     72985067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    857432101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    930417168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     72985067                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    857432101                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    930417168                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.292812                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.291547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298312                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.291547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298312                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1780123.585366                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 706286.738880                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 741368.261355                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1780123.585366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 706286.738880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 741368.261355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1780123.585366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 706286.738880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 741368.261355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                         2039                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.835525                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         114971                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         4087                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        28.130903                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.808821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    18.865073                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   928.903199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1070.258432                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.009211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.453566                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.522587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3288                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                  3289                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks            588                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                 588                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3294                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                   3295                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3294                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                  3295                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2007                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                2039                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2007                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                 2039                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2007                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                2039                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     53590229                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1573604450                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1627194679                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     53590229                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1573604450                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total     1627194679                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     53590229                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1573604450                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total    1627194679                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         5295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total              5328                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          588                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total             588                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         5301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total               5334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         5301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total              5334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.379037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.382695                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.378608                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.382265                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.378608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.382265                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1674694.656250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 784058.021923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 798035.644434                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1674694.656250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 784058.021923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 798035.644434                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1674694.656250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 784058.021923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 798035.644434                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                293                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                     293                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total            2039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2007                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total           2039                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     50780116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1397360361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1448140477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     50780116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1397360361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1448140477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     50780116                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1397360361                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1448140477                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.379037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.382695                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.378608                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.382265                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.378608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.382265                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1586878.625000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 696243.328849                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 710220.930358                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1586878.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 696243.328849                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 710220.930358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1586878.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 696243.328849                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 710220.930358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                         2035                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.811773                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         114945                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         4083                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        28.152094                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.809111                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    19.053977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   928.447874                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1070.500810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.009304                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.453344                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.522705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3264                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                  3265                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks            586                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                 586                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3270                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                   3271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3270                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                  3271                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2004                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                2035                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2004                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                 2035                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2004                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                2035                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     67411899                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1597980520                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1665392419                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     67411899                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1597980520                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total     1665392419                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     67411899                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1597980520                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total    1665392419                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total              5300                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          586                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total             586                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5274                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total               5306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5274                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total              5306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.380410                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.383962                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.379977                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.383528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.379977                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.383528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2174577.387097                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 797395.469062                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 818374.653071                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2174577.387097                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 797395.469062                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 818374.653071                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2174577.387097                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 797395.469062                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 818374.653071                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                291                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                     291                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total            2035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2004                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total           2035                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     64690099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1421985196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1486675295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     64690099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1421985196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1486675295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     64690099                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1421985196                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1486675295                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.380410                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.383962                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.379977                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.383528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.379977                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.383528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2086777.387097                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 709573.451098                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730552.970516                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2086777.387097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 709573.451098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730552.970516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2086777.387097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 709573.451098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730552.970516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                         2981                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.610810                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         117687                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         5027                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        23.410981                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.785774                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    21.323790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   868.371542                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1145.129704                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.006243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.010412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.424010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.559145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3582                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                  3583                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks            812                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                 812                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3592                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                   3593                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3592                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                  3593                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2941                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                2976                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2946                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                 2981                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2946                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                2981                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     36946577                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2686601447                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2723548024                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      6181517                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      6181517                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     36946577                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2692782964                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total     2729729541                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     36946577                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2692782964                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total    2729729541                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         6523                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total              6559                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          812                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total             812                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         6538                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total               6574                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         6538                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total              6574                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.450866                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.453728                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.450597                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.453453                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.450597                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.453453                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1055616.485714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 913499.301938                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 915170.706989                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1236303.400000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1236303.400000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1055616.485714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 914047.170401                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 915709.339483                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1055616.485714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 914047.170401                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 915709.339483                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                458                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                     458                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total            2981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2946                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total           2981                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     33872519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2428330184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2462202703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      5742250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5742250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     33872519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2434072434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2467944953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     33872519                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2434072434                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2467944953                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.450866                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453728                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.450597                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453453                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.450597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453453                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 967786.257143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 825681.803468                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 827353.058804                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1148450                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1148450                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 967786.257143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 826229.610998                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 827891.631332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 967786.257143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 826229.610998                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 827891.631332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              569.844900                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001082147                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  575                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1741012.429565                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    28.116107                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   541.728793                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.045058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.868155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.913213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1074257                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1074257                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1074257                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1074257                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1074257                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1074257                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    106763180                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    106763180                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    106763180                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    106763180                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    106763180                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    106763180                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1074307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1074307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1074307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1074307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1074307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1074307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2135263.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2135263.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2135263.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2135263.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2135263.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2135263.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       116226                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       116226                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     67189870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67189870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     67189870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67189870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     67189870                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67189870                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2099683.437500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2099683.437500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2099683.437500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2099683.437500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2099683.437500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2099683.437500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 7373                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              393103131                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 7629                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             51527.478175                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   110.851192                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   145.148808                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.433012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.566988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      2799576                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2799576                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1532778                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1532778                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          802                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          802                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          749                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          749                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      4332354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        4332354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      4332354                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       4332354                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        27213                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27213                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        27231                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        27231                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        27231                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        27231                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  14692584129                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14692584129                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      9990557                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9990557                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  14702574686                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14702574686                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  14702574686                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14702574686                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      2826789                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2826789                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1532796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1532796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          802                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          802                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          749                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          749                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      4359585                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4359585                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      4359585                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4359585                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009627                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009627                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 539910.488700                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 539910.488700                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 555030.944444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 555030.944444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 539920.483493                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 539920.483493                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 539920.483493                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 539920.483493                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1226                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            1226                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        19846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        19846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        19858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        19858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        19858                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        19858                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7373                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7373                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3889361774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3889361774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      3247011                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3247011                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3892608785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3892608785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3892608785                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3892608785                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001691                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001691                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001691                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001691                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 527943.772770                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 527943.772770                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 541168.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 541168.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 527954.534789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 527954.534789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 527954.534789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 527954.534789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              490.322270                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              974825229                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1973330.423077                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    35.322270                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.056606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.785773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1241668                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1241668                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1241668                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1241668                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1241668                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1241668                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    174874744                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    174874744                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    174874744                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    174874744                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    174874744                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    174874744                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1241723                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1241723                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1241723                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1241723                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1241723                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1241723                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3179540.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3179540.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3179540.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3179540.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3179540.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3179540.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2400457                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 480091.400000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    120322355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    120322355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    120322355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    120322355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    120322355                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    120322355                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3085188.589744                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3085188.589744                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3085188.589744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3085188.589744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3085188.589744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3085188.589744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 3768                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              144468739                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 4024                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             35901.774105                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   220.615633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    35.384367                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.861780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.138220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       988423                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        988423                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       732680                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       732680                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1859                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1859                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1783                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1783                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1721103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        1721103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1721103                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       1721103                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         9623                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9623                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          109                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          109                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         9732                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         9732                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         9732                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         9732                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2197638404                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2197638404                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      8176938                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8176938                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2205815342                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2205815342                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2205815342                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2205815342                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       998046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       998046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       732789                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       732789                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1859                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1859                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1783                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1783                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1730835                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1730835                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1730835                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1730835                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009642                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009642                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005623                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005623                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005623                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005623                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 228373.522186                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 228373.522186                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 75017.779817                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75017.779817                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 226655.912659                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 226655.912659                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 226655.912659                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 226655.912659                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         7148                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets         7148                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          878                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             878                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         5873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           91                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           91                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         5964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         5964                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5964                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3768                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3768                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    931615788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    931615788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1295330                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1295330                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    932911118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    932911118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    932911118                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    932911118                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 248430.876800                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248430.876800                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 71962.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71962.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 247587.876327                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247587.876327                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 247587.876327                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247587.876327                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              490.328074                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              974825746                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1973331.469636                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    35.328074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.056616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.785782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1242185                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1242185                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1242185                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1242185                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1242185                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1242185                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    156275666                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    156275666                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    156275666                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    156275666                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    156275666                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    156275666                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1242239                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1242239                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1242239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1242239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1242239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1242239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2893993.814815                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2893993.814815                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2893993.814815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2893993.814815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2893993.814815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2893993.814815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1757779                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 351555.800000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    106290901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    106290901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    106290901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    106290901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    106290901                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    106290901                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2725407.717949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2725407.717949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2725407.717949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2725407.717949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2725407.717949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2725407.717949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 3775                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              144469438                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 4031                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             35839.602580                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   220.632707                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    35.367293                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.861847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.138153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       988813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        988813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       732985                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       732985                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1861                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1861                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1785                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1785                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1721798                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        1721798                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1721798                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       1721798                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         9638                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9638                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          109                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          109                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         9747                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         9747                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         9747                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         9747                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2195883440                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2195883440                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      8215079                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8215079                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2204098519                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2204098519                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2204098519                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2204098519                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       998451                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       998451                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       733094                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       733094                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1861                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1861                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1785                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1785                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1731545                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1731545                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1731545                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1731545                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009653                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009653                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005629                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005629                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005629                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005629                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 227836.007470                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 227836.007470                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 75367.697248                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75367.697248                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 226130.965323                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 226130.965323                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 226130.965323                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 226130.965323                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        35292                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        17646                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          879                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             879                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         5881                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5881                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           91                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           91                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         5972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         5972                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5972                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3775                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3775                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    936637924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    936637924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1296716                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1296716                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    937934640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    937934640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    937934640                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    937934640                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002180                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002180                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002180                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002180                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 249304.744211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 249304.744211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 72039.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72039.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 248459.507285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248459.507285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 248459.507285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248459.507285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              513.738172                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              972823585                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1878037.808880                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    31.738172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.050862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.823298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1144244                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1144244                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1144244                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1144244                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1144244                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1144244                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    101502090                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    101502090                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    101502090                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    101502090                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    101502090                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    101502090                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1144293                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1144293                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1144293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1144293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1144293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1144293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2071471.224490                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2071471.224490                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2071471.224490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2071471.224490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2071471.224490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2071471.224490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     70776781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     70776781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     70776781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     70776781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     70776781                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     70776781                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1966021.694444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1966021.694444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1966021.694444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1966021.694444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1966021.694444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1966021.694444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 5173                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              153884407                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 5429                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             28344.889851                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   226.720794                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    29.279206                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.885628                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.114372                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       805345                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        805345                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       680026                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       680026                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1580                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1580                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1562                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1562                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1485371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        1485371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1485371                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       1485371                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        17819                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17819                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          536                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          536                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        18355                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        18355                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        18355                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        18355                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   7677097703                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7677097703                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    327590032                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    327590032                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   8004687735                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8004687735                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   8004687735                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8004687735                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       823164                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       823164                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       680562                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       680562                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1580                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1580                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1562                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1562                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1503726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1503726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1503726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1503726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.021647                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021647                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000788                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000788                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012206                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012206                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012206                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012206                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 430837.740782                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 430837.740782                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 611175.432836                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 611175.432836                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 436103.935440                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 436103.935440                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 436103.935440                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 436103.935440                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1894280                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       378856                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1883                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            1883                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        12660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          521                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          521                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        13181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        13181                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13181                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5174                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5174                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1761451577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1761451577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       971627                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       971627                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1762423204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1762423204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1762423204                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1762423204                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006267                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006267                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003441                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003441                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003441                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003441                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 341432.753828                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 341432.753828                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 64775.133333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64775.133333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 340630.692694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340630.692694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 340630.692694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340630.692694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              513.252046                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              972823570                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1878037.779923                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    31.252046                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.050083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.822519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1144229                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1144229                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1144229                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1144229                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1144229                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1144229                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    109843171                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    109843171                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    109843171                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    109843171                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    109843171                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    109843171                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1144284                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1144284                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1144284                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1144284                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1144284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1144284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1997148.563636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1997148.563636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1997148.563636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1997148.563636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1997148.563636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1997148.563636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     75494274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     75494274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     75494274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     75494274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     75494274                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     75494274                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2097063.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2097063.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2097063.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2097063.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2097063.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2097063.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 5187                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              153883946                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 5443                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             28271.898953                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   227.036280                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    28.963720                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.886860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.113140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       805417                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        805417                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       679404                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       679404                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1668                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1668                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1563                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1563                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1484821                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        1484821                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1484821                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       1484821                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        17976                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17976                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          533                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          533                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18509                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        18509                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18509                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        18509                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   7679629537                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7679629537                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    422481255                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    422481255                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8102110792                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8102110792                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8102110792                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8102110792                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       823393                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       823393                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       679937                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       679937                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1668                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1668                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1563                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1563                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1503330                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1503330                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1503330                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1503330                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.021832                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021832                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000784                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000784                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012312                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012312                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012312                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012312                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 427215.706331                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 427215.706331                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 792647.757974                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 792647.757974                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 437738.980604                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 437738.980604                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 437738.980604                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 437738.980604                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      2431818                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 607954.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1882                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            1882                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        12804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          518                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          518                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        13322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        13322                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13322                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5187                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5187                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1780607760                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1780607760                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       970620                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       970620                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1781578380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1781578380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1781578380                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1781578380                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006281                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006281                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003450                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003450                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003450                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003450                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 344278.375870                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 344278.375870                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        64708                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64708                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 343469.901677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 343469.901677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 343469.901677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 343469.901677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              510.468898                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              971660473                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1875792.418919                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    35.468898                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.056841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.818059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1210111                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1210111                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1210111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1210111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1210111                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1210111                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     98858222                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     98858222                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     98858222                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     98858222                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     98858222                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     98858222                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1210161                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1210161                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1210161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1210161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1210161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1210161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1977164.440000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1977164.440000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1977164.440000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1977164.440000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1977164.440000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1977164.440000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     86420233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     86420233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     86420233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     86420233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     86420233                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     86420233                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2009772.860465                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2009772.860465                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2009772.860465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2009772.860465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2009772.860465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2009772.860465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 4159                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              148144759                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 4415                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             33554.871801                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   223.763345                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    32.236655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.874076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.125924                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       831084                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        831084                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       698926                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       698926                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1748                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1748                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1684                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1684                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1530010                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        1530010                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1530010                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       1530010                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        13159                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13159                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        13263                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        13263                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        13263                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        13263                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   4392267018                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4392267018                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      8674225                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8674225                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   4400941243                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4400941243                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   4400941243                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4400941243                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       844243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       844243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       699030                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       699030                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1748                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1748                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1684                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1684                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1543273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1543273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1543273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1543273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.015587                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015587                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 333784.255491                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 333784.255491                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 83406.009615                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83406.009615                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 331820.948730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 331820.948730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 331820.948730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 331820.948730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          958                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             958                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         9018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         9104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         9104                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9104                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4159                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4159                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1177117279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1177117279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1158942                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1158942                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1178276221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1178276221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1178276221                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1178276221                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004905                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004905                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002695                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002695                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002695                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002695                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 284259.183531                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 284259.183531                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 64385.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64385.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 283307.578985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 283307.578985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 283307.578985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 283307.578985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              520.134202                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              977217297                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1857827.560837                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    30.134202                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.048292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.833548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1113782                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1113782                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1113782                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1113782                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1113782                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1113782                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    102188731                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    102188731                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    102188731                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    102188731                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    102188731                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    102188731                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1113839                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1113839                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1113839                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1113839                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1113839                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1113839                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1792784.754386                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1792784.754386                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1792784.754386                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1792784.754386                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1792784.754386                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1792784.754386                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     62180996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62180996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     62180996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     62180996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     62180996                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     62180996                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1727249.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1727249.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1727249.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1727249.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1727249.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1727249.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 6510                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              162722246                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 6766                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             24049.992019                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   228.040533                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    27.959467                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.890783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.109217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       770369                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        770369                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       636926                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       636926                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1841                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1841                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1485                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1485                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1407295                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        1407295                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1407295                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       1407295                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        16965                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        16965                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           93                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           93                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        17058                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        17058                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        17058                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        17058                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   7505882879                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7505882879                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     68191735                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     68191735                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   7574074614                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7574074614                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   7574074614                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7574074614                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       787334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       787334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       637019                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       637019                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1841                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1841                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1485                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1485                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1424353                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1424353                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1424353                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1424353                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021547                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021547                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011976                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011976                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011976                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011976                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 442433.414618                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 442433.414618                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 733244.462366                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 733244.462366                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 444018.912768                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 444018.912768                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 444018.912768                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 444018.912768                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          812                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             812                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        10470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        10548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        10548                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10548                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6510                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6510                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2943708900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2943708900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      7907975                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7907975                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2951616875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2951616875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2951616875                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2951616875                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008249                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008249                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004570                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004570                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004570                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004570                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 453226.928406                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453226.928406                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 527198.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 527198.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 453397.369432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453397.369432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 453397.369432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453397.369432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              512.354239                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              972826167                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1885322.029070                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    30.354239                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.048645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.821081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1146826                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1146826                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1146826                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1146826                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1146826                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1146826                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    101764022                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    101764022                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    101764022                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    101764022                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    101764022                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    101764022                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1146879                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1146879                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1146879                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1146879                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1146879                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1146879                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1920075.886792                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1920075.886792                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1920075.886792                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1920075.886792                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1920075.886792                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1920075.886792                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     67834463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67834463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     67834463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67834463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     67834463                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67834463                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1995131.264706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1995131.264706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1995131.264706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1995131.264706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1995131.264706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1995131.264706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 5173                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              153886425                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 5429                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             28345.261558                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   226.685497                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    29.314503                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.885490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.114510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       806425                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        806425                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       680869                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       680869                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1672                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1672                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1565                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1565                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1487294                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        1487294                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1487294                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       1487294                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        17981                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17981                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          546                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          546                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18527                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        18527                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18527                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        18527                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   7613555602                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7613555602                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    391154107                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    391154107                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8004709709                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8004709709                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8004709709                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8004709709                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       824406                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       824406                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       681415                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       681415                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1672                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1672                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1565                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1565                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1505821                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1505821                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1505821                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1505821                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.021811                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021811                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000801                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000801                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 423422.256938                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 423422.256938                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 716399.463370                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 716399.463370                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 432056.442435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 432056.442435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 432056.442435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 432056.442435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      3101509                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 516918.166667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1885                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            1885                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        12823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          531                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          531                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        13354                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13354                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        13354                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13354                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1746803645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1746803645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       971601                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       971601                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1747775246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1747775246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1747775246                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1747775246                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006257                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006257                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003435                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003435                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003435                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003435                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 338659.101396                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 338659.101396                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 64773.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64773.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 337864.922869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337864.922869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 337864.922869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337864.922869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              510.432938                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              971660161                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1879420.040619                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    35.432938                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.056784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.818002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1209799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1209799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1209799                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1209799                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1209799                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1209799                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    100179695                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    100179695                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    100179695                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    100179695                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    100179695                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    100179695                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1209849                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1209849                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1209849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1209849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1209849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1209849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2003593.900000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2003593.900000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2003593.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2003593.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2003593.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2003593.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       289999                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       289999                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     88702512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     88702512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     88702512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     88702512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     88702512                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     88702512                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2111964.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2111964.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2111964.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2111964.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2111964.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2111964.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 4155                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              148144342                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 4411                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             33585.205622                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   223.756160                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    32.243840                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.874047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.125953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       830759                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        830759                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       698840                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       698840                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1742                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1742                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1684                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1684                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1529599                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        1529599                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1529599                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       1529599                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        13153                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13153                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        13257                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        13257                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        13257                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        13257                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4458700462                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4458700462                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      8769644                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8769644                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4467470106                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4467470106                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4467470106                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4467470106                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       843912                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       843912                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       698944                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       698944                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1742                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1742                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1684                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1684                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1542856                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1542856                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1542856                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1542856                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.015586                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015586                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008593                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008593                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 338987.338402                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 338987.338402                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 84323.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84323.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 336989.522969                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 336989.522969                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 336989.522969                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 336989.522969                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          959                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             959                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         9016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         9102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         9102                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9102                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4155                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4155                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1189310233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1189310233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1175237                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1175237                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1190485470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1190485470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1190485470                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1190485470                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004902                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004902                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002693                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002693                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002693                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002693                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 287481.322939                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287481.322939                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 65290.944444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65290.944444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 286518.765343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 286518.765343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 286518.765343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 286518.765343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              570.271098                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1001084346                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  576                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1737993.656250                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    28.974696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   541.296402                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.046434                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.867462                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.913896                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1076456                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1076456                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1076456                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1076456                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1076456                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1076456                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     86850012                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     86850012                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     86850012                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     86850012                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     86850012                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     86850012                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1076515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1076515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1076515                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1076515                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1076515                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1076515                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000055                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000055                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000055                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000055                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1472034.101695                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1472034.101695                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1472034.101695                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1472034.101695                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1472034.101695                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1472034.101695                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     57836873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57836873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     57836873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     57836873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     57836873                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     57836873                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1752632.515152                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1752632.515152                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1752632.515152                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1752632.515152                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1752632.515152                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1752632.515152                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 7399                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              393114656                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 7655                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             51353.972044                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   110.847632                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   145.152368                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.432999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.567001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      2806947                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2806947                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1536923                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1536923                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          809                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          809                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          751                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          751                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      4343870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        4343870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      4343870                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       4343870                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        27422                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27422                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        27440                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        27440                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        27440                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        27440                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  14523905654                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14523905654                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     15077016                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     15077016                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  14538982670                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14538982670                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  14538982670                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14538982670                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      2834369                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2834369                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1536941                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1536941                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          809                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          809                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          751                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          751                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      4371310                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4371310                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      4371310                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4371310                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009675                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009675                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006277                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006277                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006277                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006277                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 529644.287579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 529644.287579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       837612                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total       837612                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 529846.307216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 529846.307216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 529846.307216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 529846.307216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1227                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            1227                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        20029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        20041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        20041                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20041                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         7393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         7399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         7399                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7399                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3837957757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3837957757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      4510589                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4510589                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3842468346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3842468346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3842468346                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3842468346                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002608                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002608                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001693                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001693                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001693                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001693                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 519134.012850                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 519134.012850                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 751764.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 751764.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 519322.657927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 519322.657927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 519322.657927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 519322.657927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              552.035628                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              888970438                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1584617.536542                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    25.975486                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   526.060142                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.041627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.843045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.884672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1154591                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1154591                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1154591                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1154591                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1154591                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1154591                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    104745174                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    104745174                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    104745174                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    104745174                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    104745174                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    104745174                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1154635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1154635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1154635                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1154635                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1154635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1154635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2380572.136364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2380572.136364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2380572.136364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2380572.136364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2380572.136364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2380572.136364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       704906                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       704906                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     79600428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     79600428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     79600428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     79600428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     79600428                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     79600428                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2341189.058824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2341189.058824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2341189.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2341189.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2341189.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2341189.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 5280                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              199458977                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 5536                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             36029.439487                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   184.525687                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    71.474313                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.720803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.279197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1742993                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1742993                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       303406                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       303406                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          716                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          716                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          712                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          712                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      2046399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        2046399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      2046399                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       2046399                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        19318                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19318                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        19344                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        19344                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        19344                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        19344                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9102211673                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9102211673                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      2206914                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2206914                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9104418587                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9104418587                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9104418587                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9104418587                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1762311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1762311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       303432                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       303432                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          716                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          716                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          712                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          712                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      2065743                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2065743                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      2065743                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2065743                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010962                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010962                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009364                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009364                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009364                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009364                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 471177.744746                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 471177.744746                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 84881.307692                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84881.307692                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 470658.529105                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 470658.529105                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 470658.529105                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 470658.529105                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          587                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             587                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        14044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        14064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        14064                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14064                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         5274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         5280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         5280                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5280                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1796177439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1796177439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1796562039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1796562039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1796562039                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1796562039                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002993                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002993                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 340572.134812                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340572.134812                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 340257.961932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340257.961932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 340257.961932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340257.961932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              512.500838                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              972825238                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1881673.574468                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    30.500838                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.048880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.821315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1145897                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1145897                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1145897                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1145897                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1145897                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1145897                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     93051896                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     93051896                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     93051896                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     93051896                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     93051896                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     93051896                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1145948                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1145948                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1145948                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1145948                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1145948                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1145948                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1824546.980392                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1824546.980392                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1824546.980392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1824546.980392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1824546.980392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1824546.980392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     61636680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61636680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     61636680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     61636680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     61636680                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     61636680                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1761048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1761048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1761048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1761048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1761048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1761048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 5172                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              153884734                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 5428                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             28350.172071                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   226.732169                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    29.267831                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.885673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.114327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       805785                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        805785                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       679837                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       679837                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1655                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1655                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1563                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1563                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1485622                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        1485622                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1485622                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       1485622                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17966                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17966                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          533                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          533                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        18499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18499                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        18499                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   7583618904                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7583618904                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    388692313                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    388692313                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   7972311217                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7972311217                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   7972311217                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7972311217                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       823751                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       823751                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       680370                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       680370                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1655                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1655                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1563                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1563                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1504121                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1504121                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1504121                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1504121                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.021810                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021810                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000783                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000783                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 422109.479239                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 422109.479239                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 729253.870544                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 729253.870544                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 430959.036543                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 430959.036543                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 430959.036543                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 430959.036543                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      2979600                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       595920                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1890                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            1890                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        12809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          518                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          518                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        13327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        13327                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13327                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5172                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5172                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1741021804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1741021804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       971700                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       971700                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1741993504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1741993504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1741993504                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1741993504                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006260                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006260                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003439                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003439                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003439                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003439                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 337603.607524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337603.607524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data        64780                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64780                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 336812.355762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 336812.355762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 336812.355762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 336812.355762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              510.487483                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              971661936                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1875795.243243                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    35.487483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.056871                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.818089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1211574                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1211574                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1211574                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1211574                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1211574                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1211574                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     87604236                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     87604236                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     87604236                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     87604236                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     87604236                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     87604236                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1211624                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1211624                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1211624                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1211624                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1211624                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1211624                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1752084.720000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1752084.720000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1752084.720000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1752084.720000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1752084.720000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1752084.720000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     77066091                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77066091                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     77066091                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     77066091                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     77066091                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     77066091                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1792234.674419                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1792234.674419                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1792234.674419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1792234.674419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1792234.674419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1792234.674419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 4164                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              148146584                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 4420                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             33517.326697                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   223.778834                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    32.221166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.874136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.125864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       832070                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        832070                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       699761                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       699761                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1750                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1750                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1686                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1686                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1531831                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        1531831                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1531831                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       1531831                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        13178                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13178                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        13282                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        13282                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        13282                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        13282                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   4361887989                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4361887989                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      8666563                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8666563                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   4370554552                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4370554552                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   4370554552                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4370554552                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       845248                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       845248                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       699865                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       699865                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1750                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1750                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1686                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1686                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1545113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1545113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1545113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1545113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.015591                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015591                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008596                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008596                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008596                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008596                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 330997.722644                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 330997.722644                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 83332.336538                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83332.336538                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 329058.466496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 329058.466496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 329058.466496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 329058.466496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          959                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             959                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         9032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         9118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         9118                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9118                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         4146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         4164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         4164                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4164                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1165714297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1165714297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1158008                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1158008                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1166872305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1166872305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1166872305                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1166872305                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004905                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004905                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002695                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002695                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002695                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002695                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 281166.014713                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 281166.014713                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 64333.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64333.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 280228.699568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 280228.699568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 280228.699568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 280228.699568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              551.177159                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              888970971                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  560                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1587448.162500                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    24.863300                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   526.313859                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.039845                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.843452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.883297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1155124                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1155124                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1155124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1155124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1155124                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1155124                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     62384031                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     62384031                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     62384031                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     62384031                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     62384031                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     62384031                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1155168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1155168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1155168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1155168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1155168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1155168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1417818.886364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1417818.886364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1417818.886364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1417818.886364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1417818.886364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1417818.886364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     53935941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53935941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     53935941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53935941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     53935941                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53935941                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1634422.454545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1634422.454545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1634422.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1634422.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1634422.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1634422.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 5300                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              199459832                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 5556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             35899.897768                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   184.524069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    71.475931                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.720797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.279203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1743714                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1743714                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       303539                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       303539                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          717                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          717                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          712                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          712                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      2047253                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        2047253                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      2047253                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       2047253                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        19375                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19375                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        19401                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        19401                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        19401                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        19401                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   9130321887                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9130321887                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      2118448                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2118448                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   9132440335                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9132440335                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   9132440335                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9132440335                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1763089                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1763089                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       303565                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       303565                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          717                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          717                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          712                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          712                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      2066654                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2066654                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      2066654                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2066654                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.010989                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010989                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 471242.419974                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 471242.419974                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 81478.769231                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81478.769231                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 470720.083243                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 470720.083243                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 470720.083243                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 470720.083243                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          588                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             588                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        14080                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14080                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        14100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        14100                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14100                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         5295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         5301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         5301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1805471380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1805471380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1805855980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1805855980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1805855980                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1805855980                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002565                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002565                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002565                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002565                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 340976.653447                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340976.653447                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 340663.267308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340663.267308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 340663.267308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340663.267308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              551.354471                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              888968158                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  559                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1590282.930233                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    25.040582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   526.313889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.040129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.843452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.883581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1152311                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1152311                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1152311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1152311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1152311                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1152311                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     81791552                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     81791552                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     81791552                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     81791552                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     81791552                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     81791552                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1152352                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1152352                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1152352                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1152352                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1152352                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1152352                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1994915.902439                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1994915.902439                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1994915.902439                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1994915.902439                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1994915.902439                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1994915.902439                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     67744539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67744539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     67744539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67744539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     67744539                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67744539                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2117016.843750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2117016.843750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2117016.843750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2117016.843750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2117016.843750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2117016.843750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 5274                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              199455008                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 5530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             36067.813382                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   184.516567                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    71.483433                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.720768                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.279232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1740093                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1740093                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       302346                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       302346                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          711                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          711                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          708                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          708                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      2042439                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        2042439                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      2042439                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       2042439                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19324                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19324                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19350                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        19350                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19350                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        19350                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   9261654035                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9261654035                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      2151988                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2151988                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   9263806023                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9263806023                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   9263806023                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9263806023                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1759417                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1759417                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       302372                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       302372                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          711                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          711                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          708                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          708                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      2061789                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2061789                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      2061789                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2061789                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010983                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010983                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009385                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009385                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009385                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009385                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 479282.448510                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 479282.448510                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 82768.769231                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82768.769231                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 478749.665271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 478749.665271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 478749.665271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 478749.665271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          586                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             586                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        14056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        14076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        14076                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14076                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5274                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5274                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1828341442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1828341442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1828726042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1828726042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1828726042                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1828726042                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002994                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002994                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002558                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002558                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002558                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002558                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 347065.573652                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 347065.573652                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 346743.656049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 346743.656049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 346743.656049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 346743.656049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              518.628137                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              977219409                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1857831.576046                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    28.628137                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.045878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.831135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1115894                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1115894                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1115894                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1115894                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1115894                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1115894                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     54522630                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     54522630                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     54522630                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     54522630                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     54522630                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     54522630                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1115951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1115951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1115951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1115951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1115951                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1115951                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 956537.368421                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 956537.368421                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 956537.368421                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 956537.368421                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 956537.368421                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 956537.368421                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     37302980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37302980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     37302980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     37302980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     37302980                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     37302980                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1036193.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1036193.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1036193.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1036193.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1036193.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1036193.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 6538                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              162723873                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 6794                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             23951.114660                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   228.030961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    27.969039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.890746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.109254                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       771296                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        771296                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       637621                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       637621                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1843                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1843                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1488                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1488                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1408917                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        1408917                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1408917                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       1408917                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17119                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17119                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           94                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           94                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17213                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        17213                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17213                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        17213                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   7583387734                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7583387734                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     59914045                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     59914045                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   7643301779                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7643301779                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   7643301779                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7643301779                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       788415                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       788415                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       637715                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       637715                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1843                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1843                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1488                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1488                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1426130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1426130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1426130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1426130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.021713                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021713                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000147                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012070                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012070                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012070                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012070                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 442980.766049                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 442980.766049                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 637383.457447                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 637383.457447                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 444042.396967                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 444042.396967                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 444042.396967                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 444042.396967                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          812                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             812                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        10596                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10596                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        10675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        10675                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10675                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         6523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         6538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         6538                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6538                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2946271303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2946271303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      6873295                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6873295                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2953144598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2953144598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2953144598                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2953144598                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008274                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008274                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004584                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004584                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004584                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004584                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 451674.276100                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 451674.276100                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 458219.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 458219.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 451689.293056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 451689.293056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 451689.293056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 451689.293056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
