
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.010466                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 10466306769                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               538241683314                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 408544                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   522600                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 267603                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67614344                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 39111.37                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 15978710739                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   20439613261                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       182784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       371072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       264448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       430592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       249600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       151552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       362368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       176896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       251008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       152704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       256256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       256384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       262656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       365568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       185728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       153344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4144384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           71424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1193600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1193600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         1428                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         2899                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         2066                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         3364                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         1950                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         1184                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         2831                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         1382                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         1961                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         1193                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         2002                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         2003                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         2052                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         2856                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         1451                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         1198                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 32378                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            9325                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 9325                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       464729                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     17464040                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       452500                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     35453958                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       415810                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     25266601                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       440270                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     41140778                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       428040                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     23847954                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       476959                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     14479988                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       440270                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     34622337                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       440270                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     16901473                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       342432                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     23982481                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       440270                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     14590056                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       366892                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     24483899                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       354662                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     24496129                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       415810                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     25095385                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       440270                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     34928080                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       489189                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     17745324                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       415810                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     14651204                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               395973870                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       464729                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       452500                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       415810                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       440270                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       428040                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       476959                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       440270                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       440270                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       342432                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       440270                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       366892                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       354662                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       415810                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       440270                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       489189                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       415810                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            6824184                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         114042138                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              114042138                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         114042138                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       464729                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     17464040                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       452500                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     35453958                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       415810                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     25266601                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       440270                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     41140778                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       428040                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     23847954                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       476959                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     14479988                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       440270                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     34622337                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       440270                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     16901473                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       342432                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     23982481                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       440270                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     14590056                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       366892                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     24483899                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       354662                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     24496129                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       415810                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     25095385                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       440270                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     34928080                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       489189                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     17745324                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       415810                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     14651204                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              510016008                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               25099058                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2068676                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1692543                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204166                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       868379                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         814675                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         214066                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9300                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19942122                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             11560275                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2068676                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1028741                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2413914                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        555995                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       456696                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1221429                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204158                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     23161932                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613127                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.955225                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       20748018     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         112723      0.49%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         178389      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         242000      1.04%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         249096      1.08%     92.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         210199      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         118880      0.51%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         175976      0.76%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1126651      4.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     23161932                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.082420                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.460586                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       19740730                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       660062                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2409490                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         2706                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       348939                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       340319                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          262                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     14188315                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1522                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       348939                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       19794787                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        135669                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       400983                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2358877                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       122672                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     14182927                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        16527                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        53538                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     19789902                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     65974964                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     65974964                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     17153378                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        2636519                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         3535                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1843                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          369249                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      1330522                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       719059                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8458                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       254762                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         14166096                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3545                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        13457179                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1955                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1565712                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3730875                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          146                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23161932                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581004                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267910                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17401977     75.13%     75.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2421603     10.46%     85.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1212375      5.23%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       866961      3.74%     94.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       689278      2.98%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       284244      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       179445      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        93451      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12598      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23161932                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2502     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8235     36.51%     47.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11820     52.40%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11318291     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       200046      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1687      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1220592      9.07%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       716563      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     13457179                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.536163                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22557                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001676                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50100802                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15735411                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13251496                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     13479736                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27447                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       215973                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           62                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10008                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       348939                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        108224                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12022                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14169661                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1645                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1330522                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       719059                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1847                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10155                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           62                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118369                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114556                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       232925                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13268249                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1147751                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       188930                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  20                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            1864255                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1885158                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           716504                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.528635                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             13251607                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            13251496                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         7607378                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        20503341                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.527968                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.371031                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     12305288                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1864380                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3399                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       206494                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22812993                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539398                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.378368                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17710922     77.64%     77.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2554387     11.20%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       940657      4.12%     92.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       449747      1.97%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       413528      1.81%     96.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       219353      0.96%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       169562      0.74%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86599      0.38%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       268238      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22812993                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     12305288                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              1823600                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             1114549                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              1696                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1774540                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        11086900                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       253435                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       268238                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           36714358                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          28688290                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                304011                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               1937126                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            12305288                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.509906                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.509906                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.398421                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.398421                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       59719735                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      18459790                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      13150229                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         3396                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               25099051                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        2037556                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1666782                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       201172                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       837037                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         800398                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         208731                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8959                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19755597                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             11567022                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           2037556                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      1009129                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2422644                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        585104                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       352359                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1216966                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       202485                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     22910235                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616918                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.969226                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       20487591     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         132138      0.58%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         206805      0.90%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         329994      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         136035      0.59%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         152038      0.66%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         162714      0.71%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         105973      0.46%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1196947      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     22910235                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.081181                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.460855                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       19573391                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       536362                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2414779                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         6360                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       379339                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       333559                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          275                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     14122454                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1629                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       379339                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       19605051                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        170976                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       276249                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2389997                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        88619                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     14113095                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents         2319                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        24613                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        33486                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4078                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     19594065                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     65648386                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     65648386                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     16689205                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        2904860                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         3592                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1978                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          268173                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      1345586                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       722459                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21808                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       166166                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         14091090                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3602                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        13319755                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16678                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1814084                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4063429                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          347                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22910235                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581389                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273653                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17297163     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2251175      9.83%     85.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1231159      5.37%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       840906      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       786395      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       225234      0.98%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       177033      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        59764      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        41406      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22910235                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3163     12.61%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9743     38.84%     51.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12176     48.54%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11158645     83.78%     83.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       210888      1.58%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1613      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1230565      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       718044      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     13319755                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.530688                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25082                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001883                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49591505                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15908929                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13101499                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     13344837                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        40165                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       244141                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           37                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          157                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        22187                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          857                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       379339                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        117984                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12073                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14094714                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5935                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1345586                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       722459                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1976                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8943                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          157                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       116582                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       115588                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       232170                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13127025                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1157129                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       192730                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  22                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            1874819                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1846025                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           717690                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.523009                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             13101725                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            13101499                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         7662257                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        20023228                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.521992                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.382668                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9803203                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     12015984                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2078770                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3255                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       205111                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22530896                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533311                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386963                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17652530     78.35%     78.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2363047     10.49%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       920603      4.09%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       494419      2.19%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       370580      1.64%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       206722      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       128580      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       114256      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       280159      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22530896                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      9803203                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     12015984                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              1801717                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1101445                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              1624                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1724727                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        10827343                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       244080                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       280159                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           36345426                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          28568881                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                320762                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               2188816                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           9803203                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            12015984                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      9803203                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.560291                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.560291                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.390581                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.390581                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       59192210                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      18164021                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      13170130                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         3252                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               25099058                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        2035082                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1669651                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       201999                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       834268                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         794184                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         208009                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8985                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19469856                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             11584116                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           2035082                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      1002193                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2546801                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        576423                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       648871                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1201825                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       200487                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     23036685                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614755                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965704                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       20489884     88.94%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         274440      1.19%     90.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         321482      1.40%     91.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         175259      0.76%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         201845      0.88%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         110499      0.48%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          75348      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         196662      0.85%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1191266      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     23036685                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.081082                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.461536                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       19306616                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       815520                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2524613                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        20901                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       369034                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       329184                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred         2123                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     14135332                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts        11179                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       369034                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       19338956                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        258927                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       468016                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2514365                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        87378                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     14125163                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           18                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        21149                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        41476                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents           30                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     19630791                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     65781420                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     65781420                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     16705884                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        2924877                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         3697                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2064                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          237248                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      1348092                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       736052                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19685                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       161398                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         14100727                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3704                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        13304920                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17067                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1798861                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4166417                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          423                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23036685                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577554                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267308                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17427484     75.65%     75.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2260589      9.81%     85.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1209321      5.25%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       839283      3.64%     94.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       732709      3.18%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       373002      1.62%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        91864      0.40%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        58654      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        43779      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23036685                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3400     11.77%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12297     42.58%     54.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13183     45.65%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11136056     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       208361      1.57%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1628      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1228871      9.24%     94.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       730004      5.49%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     13304920                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.530096                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28880                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002171                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49692471                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15903431                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13081101                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     13333800                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        33385                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       240128                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           76                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          141                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        18699                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          814                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       369034                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        212193                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14013                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14104457                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6371                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1348092                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       736052                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2066                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9977                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          141                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       116720                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       113963                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       230683                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13104111                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1154204                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       200808                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            1883962                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1832178                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           729758                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.522096                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             13081407                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            13081101                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         7779265                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        20374985                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.521179                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.381805                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9813008                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     12039439                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2065178                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3281                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       203051                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22667651                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531129                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.349461                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17748052     78.30%     78.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2281079     10.06%     88.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       957041      4.22%     92.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       573640      2.53%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       398588      1.76%     96.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       256317      1.13%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       134490      0.59%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       107071      0.47%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       211373      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22667651                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      9813008                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     12039439                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              1825317                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1107964                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              1638                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1722904                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        10854283                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       244984                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       211373                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           36560830                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          28578304                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                300724                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               2062373                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           9813008                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            12039439                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      9813008                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.557733                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.557733                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.390971                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.390971                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       59124554                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      18154482                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      13196846                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         3276                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               25099058                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        1953857                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1762785                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       104898                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       740891                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         695563                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         107631                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4580                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20694530                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             12295171                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           1953857                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       803194                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2429702                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        330178                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       475605                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1190120                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       105253                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     23822541                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605659                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934716                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       21392839     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          86250      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         177691      0.75%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          73854      0.31%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         402119      1.69%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         358796      1.51%     94.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          69559      0.29%     94.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         146130      0.61%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1115303      4.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     23822541                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.077846                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.489866                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       20576428                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       595273                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2420562                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         7819                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       222454                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       171549                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          250                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     14418936                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1524                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       222454                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       20598602                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        419560                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       107877                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2407657                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        66384                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     14410234                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        27357                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        24392                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents          538                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     16933195                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     67869275                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     67869275                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     14974287                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        1958890                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         1683                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          856                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          170373                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      3395402                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      1715439                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15674                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        82567                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         14379597                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1689                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        13810602                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7473                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1136223                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2736390                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           22                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23822541                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579728                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377454                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18918598     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1466810      6.16%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1205232      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       519939      2.18%     92.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       661747      2.78%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       639772      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       363597      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        28687      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18159      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23822541                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34907     11.07%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead       272391     86.42%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7896      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8669977     62.78%     62.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       120660      0.87%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          826      0.01%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3307967     23.95%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1711172     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     13810602                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.550244                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            315194                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022823                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51766407                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15517874                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13690753                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     14125796                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24755                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       136034                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           58                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          367                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11225                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1222                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       222454                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        383902                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        17863                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14381299                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          139                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3395402                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1715439                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          857                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12037                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            7                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          367                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        60191                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        62542                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       122733                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13712730                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3296328                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        97867                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  13                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            5007339                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1795612                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          1711011                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.546344                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             13691270                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            13690753                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         7397153                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        14586005                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.545469                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.507140                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11111899                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     13058254                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1324294                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1667                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       106959                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23600087                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553314                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377157                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18866601     79.94%     79.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1726655      7.32%     87.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       810270      3.43%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       800405      3.39%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       218169      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       932038      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        69895      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        50824      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       125230      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23600087                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     11111899                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     13058254                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              4963567                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             3259358                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               832                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1724340                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        11612108                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       126526                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       125230                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           37857366                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          28987609                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                455494                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               1276517                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          11111899                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            13058254                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     11111899                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.258755                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.258755                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.442722                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.442722                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       67779288                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      15909368                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      17154716                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         1664                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               25099058                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        2040543                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1672716                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       201903                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       834260                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         794341                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         209324                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9019                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19491831                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             11612755                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           2040543                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      1003665                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2552363                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        577196                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       637853                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1203147                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       200506                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     23054081                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616073                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967961                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       20501718     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         276365      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         318798      1.38%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         175474      0.76%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         202117      0.88%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         110862      0.48%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          75848      0.33%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         198451      0.86%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1194448      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     23054081                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.081300                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.462677                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       19328884                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       804181                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2530613                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        20489                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       369913                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       331486                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred         2121                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     14176468                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts        11216                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       369913                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       19360592                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        248729                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       467940                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2520611                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        86287                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     14166964                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           13                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        21258                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        40767                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     19682740                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     65972407                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     65972407                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     16747976                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        2934730                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         3711                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2074                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          233585                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      1357959                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       738093                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19698                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       163522                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         14143004                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3719                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        13347429                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19259                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1807213                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4196910                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          429                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23054081                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578962                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268847                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17432923     75.62%     75.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2258845      9.80%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1214848      5.27%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       841621      3.65%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       735823      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       375900      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        91441      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        58853      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        43827      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23054081                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3286     11.14%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13121     44.49%     55.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13087     44.37%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11166938     83.66%     83.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       208928      1.57%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1632      0.01%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1237877      9.27%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       732054      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     13347429                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.531790                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29494                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002210                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49797690                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15954072                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13118526                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     13376923                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        33437                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       247165                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           87                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          139                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        18889                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          816                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       369913                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        201482                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13861                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14146749                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6333                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1357959                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       738093                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2076                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9881                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          139                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       115904                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114313                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       230217                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13145307                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1160573                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       202120                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            1892394                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1837629                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           731821                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.523737                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             13118808                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            13118526                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         7798818                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        20433089                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.522670                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.381676                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9837789                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     12069826                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2077083                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3290                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       202953                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22684168                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532081                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.350936                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17753628     78.26%     78.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2286181     10.08%     88.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       959039      4.23%     92.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       574983      2.53%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       398489      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       257094      1.13%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       134690      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       107460      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       212604      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22684168                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      9837789                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     12069826                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              1829995                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             1110791                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              1642                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1727231                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        10881695                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       245600                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       212604                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           36618408                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          28663767                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                301697                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               2044977                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           9837789                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            12069826                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      9837789                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.551291                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.551291                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.391958                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.391958                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       59300470                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      18203651                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      13229511                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         3286                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               25099058                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        2269847                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1890593                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       208917                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       894713                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         830576                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         243935                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9722                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19771131                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             12451183                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           2269847                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      1074511                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2595461                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        580753                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       671572                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1229591                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       199768                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     23408123                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.653600                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.028220                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       20812662     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         158625      0.68%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         201363      0.86%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         319774      1.37%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         134473      0.57%     92.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         172092      0.74%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         200505      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          91545      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1317084      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     23408123                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.090436                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.496082                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       19655958                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       798061                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2583172                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         1240                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       369685                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       344507                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          274                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     15215824                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1609                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       369685                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       19676131                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         63423                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       679677                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2564257                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        54944                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     15122240                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         7905                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        38210                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     21124694                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     70323112                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     70323112                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     17656569                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        3468125                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         3691                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1939                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          193935                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      1415399                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       739027                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8309                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       167991                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         14761830                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3702                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        14157189                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        14285                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1801595                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3672704                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          175                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23408123                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.604798                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.325690                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17406750     74.36%     74.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2740515     11.71%     86.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1116625      4.77%     90.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       627411      2.68%     93.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       848976      3.63%     97.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       261347      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       257802      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       137836      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10861      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23408123                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         98000     79.27%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12963     10.49%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12664     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11927683     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       193496      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1751      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1297812      9.17%     94.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       736447      5.20%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     14157189                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.564053                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            123627                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008732                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51860413                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16567206                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13787279                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     14280816                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10499                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       267769                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           80                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9648                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       369685                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         48694                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6217                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14765536                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11521                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1415399                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       739027                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1940                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5408                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           80                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124272                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116246                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       240518                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13909784                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1276409                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       247405                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            2012755                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1966986                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           736346                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.554195                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             13787358                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            13787279                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         8258930                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        22187587                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.549315                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.372232                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10272418                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     12658129                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2107470                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3527                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       210467                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23038438                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.549435                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369396                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17678762     76.74%     76.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2716596     11.79%     88.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       987556      4.29%     92.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       490422      2.13%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       448957      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       189018      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       186865      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        89049      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       251213      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23038438                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     10272418                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     12658129                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              1877009                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1147630                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              1760                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1834724                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        11396490                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       261396                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       251213                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           37552759                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          29900892                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                302683                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               1690935                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          10272418                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            12658129                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     10272418                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.443345                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.443345                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.409275                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.409275                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       62590090                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      19268436                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      14073180                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         3524                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               25099058                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        2039985                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1668727                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       201216                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       835360                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         800242                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         208843                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8934                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19766481                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             11579189                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           2039985                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      1009085                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2425040                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        586858                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       352696                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1217613                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       202543                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     22925547                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.617239                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.969854                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       20500507     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         132430      0.58%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         206613      0.90%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         330097      1.44%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         136273      0.59%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         152494      0.67%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         162103      0.71%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         105819      0.46%     94.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1199211      5.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     22925547                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.081277                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.461340                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       19584685                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       536296                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2417203                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         6325                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       381034                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       333975                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          274                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     14139191                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1624                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       381034                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       19616143                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        168458                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       279679                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2392625                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        87604                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     14129665                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents         2204                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        24174                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        33290                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3809                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     19616705                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     65724274                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     65724274                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     16689477                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        2927228                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         3603                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1988                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          266120                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      1348853                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       722537                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21596                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       165205                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         14107402                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3614                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        13330286                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16947                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1829780                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4097970                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          359                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22925547                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581460                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273839                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17309427     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2251075      9.82%     85.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1232135      5.37%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       841811      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       787322      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       225492      0.98%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       176874      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        59772      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        41639      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22925547                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3144     12.39%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        10055     39.62%     52.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12179     47.99%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11167186     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       210964      1.58%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1613      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1232269      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       718254      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     13330286                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.531107                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25378                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001904                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49628444                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15940949                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13110560                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     13355664                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        39698                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       247393                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           37                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          157                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        22254                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          842                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       381034                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        115300                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11963                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14111040                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5963                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1348853                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       722537                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1988                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8814                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          157                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       115741                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116592                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       232333                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13136316                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1157813                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       193970                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  24                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            1875766                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1847075                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           717953                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.523379                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             13110772                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            13110560                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         7667588                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        20039399                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.522353                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.382626                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9803354                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     12016172                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2094882                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3255                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       205171                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22544513                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532998                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386452                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17664740     78.35%     78.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2364485     10.49%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       921104      4.09%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       494025      2.19%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       370588      1.64%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       206334      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       129212      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       114090      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       279935      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22544513                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      9803354                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     12016172                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              1801743                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1101460                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              1624                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1724751                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        10827516                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       244085                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       279935                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           36375567                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          28603173                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                320671                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               2173511                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           9803354                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            12016172                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      9803354                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.560252                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.560252                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.390587                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.390587                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       59231041                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      18177508                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      13182995                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         3252                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               25099058                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        2069225                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1693046                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204586                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       867296                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         814049                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213996                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9283                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19951453                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             11564221                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           2069225                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      1028045                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2414439                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        557397                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       452079                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1222228                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204648                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     23168152                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613158                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.955366                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       20753713     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         112147      0.48%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         178978      0.77%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         242307      1.05%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         249272      1.08%     92.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         210672      0.91%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         117153      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         175932      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1127978      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     23168152                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.082442                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.460743                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       19749593                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       655903                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2410066                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         2666                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       349919                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       340363                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          263                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     14192898                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1520                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       349919                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       19803491                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        134668                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       397687                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2359483                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       122899                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     14187421                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           19                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        16702                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        53574                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     19798674                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     65993875                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     65993875                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     17155430                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        2643113                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         3520                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1832                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          370137                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      1331148                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       718881                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8620                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       176733                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         14171059                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3529                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        13460339                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1969                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1567252                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3740647                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          130                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23168152                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580985                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271923                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17466555     75.39%     75.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2349284     10.14%     85.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1190617      5.14%     90.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       891308      3.85%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       700947      3.03%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       283336      1.22%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       179883      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        93645      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12577      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23168152                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2474     10.98%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8240     36.56%     47.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11823     52.46%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11321002     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       200085      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1687      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1221028      9.07%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       716537      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     13460339                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.536289                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22537                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001674                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50113336                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15741902                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13253597                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     13482876                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27188                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       216449                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           65                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9734                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       349919                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        107170                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11782                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14174612                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1350                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1331148                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       718881                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1832                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9944                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           65                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118620                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114897                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       233517                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13270287                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1147892                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       190052                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  24                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            1864369                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1885960                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           716477                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.528717                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             13253712                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            13253597                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         7608445                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        20504724                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.528052                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.371058                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10001190                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     12306765                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1867749                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3399                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       206913                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22818233                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539339                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.387096                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17765424     77.86%     77.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2505893     10.98%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       945295      4.14%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       450550      1.97%     94.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       382578      1.68%     96.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       218179      0.96%     97.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       189548      0.83%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        85991      0.38%     98.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       274775      1.20%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22818233                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     10001190                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     12306765                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              1823823                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1114687                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              1696                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1774749                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        11088228                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       253463                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       274775                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           36717907                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          28699063                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                304392                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               1930906                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          10001190                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            12306765                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     10001190                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.509607                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.509607                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.398469                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.398469                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       59727830                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      18463641                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      13154311                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         3396                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               25099058                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        1898891                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1699635                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       152990                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1286143                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1251550                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         111214                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4603                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20154331                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             10799324                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           1898891                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      1362764                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2407270                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        503862                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       297448                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1220388                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       149833                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     23209091                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.520070                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.759545                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       20801821     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         370750      1.60%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         182500      0.79%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         366485      1.58%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         113353      0.49%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         340531      1.47%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          52476      0.23%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          85173      0.37%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         896002      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     23209091                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.075656                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.430268                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       19911382                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       545322                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2402239                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         2044                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       348103                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       175206                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred         1939                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     12048426                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         4582                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       348103                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       19939139                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        327333                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       134352                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2376447                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        83710                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     12029817                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         9427                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        67031                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     15732089                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     54473424                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     54473424                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     12710749                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        3021333                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         1576                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          801                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          180768                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      2202006                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       344236                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3123                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        78181                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         11966404                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1580                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        11188942                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7444                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2193188                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4518525                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           14                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23209091                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.482093                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.093246                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18300229     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1533448      6.61%     85.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1659101      7.15%     92.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       957293      4.12%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       487701      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       122269      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       142862      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3412      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2776      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23209091                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18458     57.41%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7529     23.42%     80.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6165     19.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8753614     78.23%     78.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        85679      0.77%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          777      0.01%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2007914     17.95%     96.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       340958      3.05%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     11188942                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.445791                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32152                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002874                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     45626571                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14161205                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10901894                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     11221094                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8922                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       454684                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           15                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           36                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8892                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       348103                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        218713                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10248                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11967988                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1043                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2202006                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       344236                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          798                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4072                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          205                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           36                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       103064                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        58776                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       161840                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11048648                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1979501                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       140294                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            2320419                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1681029                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           340918                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.440202                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             10904789                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            10901894                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         6604179                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        14262339                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.434355                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.463050                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8690708                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      9757584                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2210906                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1566                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       151856                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22860988                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426822                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298327                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19242182     84.17%     84.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1411820      6.18%     90.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       916295      4.01%     94.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       287151      1.26%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       482827      2.11%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        91758      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        58518      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        52981      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       317456      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22860988                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      8690708                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      9757584                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              2082663                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1747319                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               782                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1499221                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         8519426                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       119385                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       317456                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           34511996                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          24285340                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                452545                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               1889967                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           8690708                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             9757584                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      8690708                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.888034                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.888034                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.346256                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.346256                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       51403738                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      14176705                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      12841536                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         1564                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               25099058                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        2270601                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1890909                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       208374                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       892092                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         829934                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         244243                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9756                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19772247                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             12457820                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           2270601                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      1074177                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2595825                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        580199                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       668744                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1229329                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       199309                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     23406759                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654067                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029069                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       20810934     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         158676      0.68%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         199949      0.85%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         319943      1.37%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         134001      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         172073      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         201149      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          92358      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1317676      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     23406759                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.090466                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.496346                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       19656554                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       795616                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2583637                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         1272                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       369673                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       344923                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          270                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     15226519                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1607                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       369673                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       19676582                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         63907                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       676521                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2564858                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        55212                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     15133913                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           18                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         8110                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        38243                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     21137954                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     70377363                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     70377363                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     17666448                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        3471506                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         3687                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1934                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          194730                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      1417810                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       739978                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8277                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       168048                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         14774383                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3699                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        14168093                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        14874                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1808205                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3686052                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          168                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23406759                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605299                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326303                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17402647     74.35%     74.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2740501     11.71%     86.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1117366      4.77%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       627499      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       849991      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       261895      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       257952      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       138052      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10856      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23406759                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         97919     79.10%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13197     10.66%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12669     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11935615     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       193622      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1752      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1299715      9.17%     94.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       737389      5.20%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     14168093                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.564487                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            123785                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008737                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51881604                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16586367                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13797249                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     14291878                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10447                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       269559                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           83                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10208                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       369673                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         49102                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6306                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14778085                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        10807                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1417810                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       739978                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1935                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5504                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           83                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       123339                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116438                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       239777                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13920353                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1277749                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       247740                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            2015039                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1967614                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           737290                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.554617                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             13797326                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            13797249                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         8265044                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        22206368                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.549712                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.372193                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10278147                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     12665120                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2113009                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3531                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       209933                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23037086                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.549771                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369853                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17674886     76.72%     76.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2717882     11.80%     88.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       987819      4.29%     92.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       490571      2.13%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       449462      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       189000      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       186880      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        88929      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       251657      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23037086                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     10278147                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     12665120                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              1878021                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1148251                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              1762                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1835732                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        11402777                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       261532                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       251657                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           37563493                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          29925943                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                302145                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               1692299                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          10278147                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            12665120                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     10278147                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.441983                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.441983                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.409503                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.409503                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       62637097                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      19280602                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      14081367                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         3528                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               25099058                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        1898751                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1699179                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       152930                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1286667                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1251667                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         111258                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4637                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20147355                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             10797595                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           1898751                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      1362925                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2406959                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        503902                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       297892                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1220020                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       149739                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     23202353                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.520110                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.759624                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       20795394     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         371088      1.60%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         182392      0.79%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         366358      1.58%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         113161      0.49%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         340582      1.47%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          52319      0.23%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          85121      0.37%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         895938      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     23202353                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.075650                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.430199                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       19902377                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       547733                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2402024                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         2009                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       348209                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       175457                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred         1938                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     12046266                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         4557                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       348209                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       19930338                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        329724                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       134005                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2376232                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        83838                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     12027577                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           23                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         9242                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        67474                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     15727398                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     54461528                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     54461528                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     12705426                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        3021972                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         1583                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          808                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          180943                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      2202080                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       344032                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2966                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        78364                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         11963636                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1589                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        11186076                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7330                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2193650                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4519109                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           22                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23202353                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.482110                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.093201                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18294644     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1533258      6.61%     85.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1658158      7.15%     92.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       957377      4.13%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       487793      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       122450      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       142499      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3437      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2737      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23202353                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18416     57.37%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7526     23.45%     80.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6156     19.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8751233     78.23%     78.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        85588      0.77%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          777      0.01%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2007700     17.95%     96.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       340778      3.05%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     11186076                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.445677                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32098                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002869                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     45613933                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14158905                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10898608                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     11218174                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8507                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       455100                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           33                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8892                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       348209                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        220064                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10262                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11965232                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          878                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2202080                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       344032                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          806                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4044                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          220                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           33                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       103027                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        58740                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       161767                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11045225                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1978993                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       140851                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            2319734                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1680726                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           340741                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.440065                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             10901475                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            10898608                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         6602910                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        14259350                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.434224                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.463058                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8687677                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      9753840                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2211917                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1567                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       151793                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22854144                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426786                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298213                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19236594     84.17%     84.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1411509      6.18%     90.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       915840      4.01%     94.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       286740      1.25%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       482679      2.11%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        92107      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        58604      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53012      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       317059      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22854144                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      8687677                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      9753840                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              2082120                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             1746980                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               782                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1498676                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         8516074                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       119314                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       317059                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           34502816                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          24279973                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                452431                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               1896705                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           8687677                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             9753840                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      8687677                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.889041                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.889041                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.346136                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.346136                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       51387231                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      14171314                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      12839299                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         1566                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               25099058                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        1897927                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1698774                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       152697                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1285722                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1251693                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         111391                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4596                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20144155                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             10794075                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           1897927                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      1363084                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2406707                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        503272                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       298524                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1219770                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       149553                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     23199138                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.520090                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.759477                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       20792431     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         370683      1.60%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         182739      0.79%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         366259      1.58%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         113210      0.49%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         340980      1.47%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          52309      0.23%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          85100      0.37%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         895427      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     23199138                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.075617                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.430059                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       19905063                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       542430                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2401824                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         2007                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       347813                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       175155                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred         1940                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     12044272                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         4563                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       347813                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       19932383                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        325547                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       134602                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2376395                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        82391                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     12025812                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           27                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         9239                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        65968                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     15724261                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     54457721                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     54457721                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     12706554                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        3017696                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         1578                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          803                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          178642                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      2202099                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       344201                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2969                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        78217                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         11962559                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1582                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        11186121                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7277                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2192246                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4517338                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23199138                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.482178                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.093248                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18292040     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1531527      6.60%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1659364      7.15%     92.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       957687      4.13%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       487166      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       122900      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       142292      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3407      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2755      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23199138                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18311     57.18%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7548     23.57%     80.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6162     19.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8750612     78.23%     78.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        85547      0.76%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          777      0.01%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2008263     17.95%     96.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       340922      3.05%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     11186121                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.445679                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32021                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002863                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     45610677                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14156413                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10898940                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     11218142                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8835                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       455028                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           28                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9008                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       347813                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        219160                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10041                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11964150                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          871                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2202099                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       344201                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          799                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4044                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          216                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           28                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       103026                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        58416                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       161442                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11045181                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1978766                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       140939                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            2319645                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1680373                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           340879                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.440064                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             10901768                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            10898940                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         6602862                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        14264786                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.434237                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.462878                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8688324                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      9754657                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2210002                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1567                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       151559                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22851325                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426875                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298482                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19233673     84.17%     84.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1411547      6.18%     90.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       916077      4.01%     94.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       286789      1.26%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       482634      2.11%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        91571      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        58585      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        52904      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       317545      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22851325                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      8688324                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      9754657                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              2082261                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1747068                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               782                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1498790                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         8516811                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       119330                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       317545                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           34498413                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          24277388                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                452673                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               1899920                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           8688324                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             9754657                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      8688324                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.888826                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.888826                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.346161                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.346161                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       51389029                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      14171830                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      12836081                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         1566                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               25099058                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        2037761                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1670294                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       201472                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       836036                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         792890                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         209157                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9060                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19480624                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             11597460                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           2037761                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      1002047                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2548116                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        575361                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       650127                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1201907                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       200066                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     23049482                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615328                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967028                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       20501366     88.95%     88.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         276239      1.20%     90.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         317561      1.38%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         174565      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         201779      0.88%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         111104      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          75812      0.33%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         198014      0.86%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1193042      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     23049482                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.081189                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.462068                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       19317576                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       816466                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2526462                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        20496                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       368481                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       331123                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred         2134                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     14156898                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts        11219                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       368481                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       19349392                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        247313                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       481938                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2516367                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        85982                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     14147094                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        20709                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        40899                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents           30                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     19656158                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     65879341                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     65879341                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     16736497                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        2919650                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         3743                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2109                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          233233                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      1354223                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       737427                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19493                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       162427                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         14123275                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3750                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        13332673                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18943                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1797519                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4167864                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          464                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23049482                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578437                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268467                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17433717     75.64%     75.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2257765      9.80%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1214111      5.27%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       839505      3.64%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       734742      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       375403      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        91396      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        58932      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        43911      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23049482                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3347     11.44%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12710     43.45%     54.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13195     45.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11155190     83.67%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       208552      1.56%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1631      0.01%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1235921      9.27%     94.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       731379      5.49%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     13332673                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.531202                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29252                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002194                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49763022                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15924676                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13105372                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     13361925                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        33169                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       244198                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           78                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          134                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        18733                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          815                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       368481                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        200645                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13557                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14127044                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6313                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1354223                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       737427                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2109                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9649                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          134                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       115615                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114247                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       229862                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13131712                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1159182                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       200960                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            1890300                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1835958                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           731118                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.523195                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             13105666                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            13105372                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         7788354                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        20403690                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.522146                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.381713                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9830951                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     12061549                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2065605                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3286                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       202523                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22681001                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531791                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.350415                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17753589     78.28%     78.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2283978     10.07%     88.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       958762      4.23%     92.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       575447      2.54%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       397949      1.75%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       257434      1.14%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       134366      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       107264      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       212212      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22681001                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      9830951                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     12061549                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              1828719                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1110025                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              1640                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1726087                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        10874212                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       245441                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       212212                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           36595878                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          28622806                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                301103                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               2049576                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           9830951                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            12061549                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      9830951                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.553065                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.553065                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.391686                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.391686                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       59241250                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      18185886                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      13212705                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         3282                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               25099058                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        2039258                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1667968                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       200729                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       834892                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         800486                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         208738                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8957                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19757479                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             11572654                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           2039258                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      1009224                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2424587                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        584863                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       354822                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1216832                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       202078                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     22916713                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.617117                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.969505                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       20492126     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         132665      0.58%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         207416      0.91%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         329739      1.44%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         136062      0.59%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         152632      0.67%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         162434      0.71%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         105537      0.46%     94.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1198102      5.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     22916713                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.081248                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.461079                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       19575457                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       538654                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2416709                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         6363                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       379526                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       333990                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          279                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     14131055                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1642                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       379526                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       19606926                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        171121                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       277795                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2392175                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        89166                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     14121455                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents         2827                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        24470                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        33376                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5004                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     19605372                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     65686468                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     65686468                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     16694388                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        2910984                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         3594                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1979                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          266737                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      1347803                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       722757                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21781                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       165890                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         14098924                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3602                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        13326474                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16739                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1819424                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4072243                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          348                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22916713                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581518                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273707                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17301110     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2250921      9.82%     85.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1232536      5.38%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       842373      3.68%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       786518      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       225142      0.98%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       176695      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        59934      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        41484      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22916713                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3184     12.50%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        10078     39.56%     52.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12212     47.94%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11163749     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       211005      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1614      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1231737      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       718369      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     13326474                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.530955                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25474                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001912                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49611874                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15922099                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13107415                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     13351948                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        40051                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       245995                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           38                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          152                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        22253                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          853                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       379526                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        118723                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11899                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14102552                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5943                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1347803                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       722757                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1977                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8722                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          152                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       115796                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       115871                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       231667                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13133349                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1158366                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       193125                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            1876403                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1847532                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           718037                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.523261                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             13107644                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            13107415                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         7667939                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        20032641                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.522227                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.382772                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9806234                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     12019778                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2082793                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3254                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       204681                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22537187                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533331                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386694                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17655436     78.34%     78.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2365620     10.50%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       920966      4.09%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       494901      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       370797      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       206485      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       128801      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       114344      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       279837      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22537187                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      9806234                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     12019778                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              1802312                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1101808                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              1624                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1725305                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        10830756                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       244167                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       279837                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           36359856                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          28584699                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                320652                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               2182345                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           9806234                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            12019778                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      9806234                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.559500                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.559500                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.390701                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.390701                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       59217964                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      18172126                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      13176846                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         3250                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               25099058                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        2067951                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1692278                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204604                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       870133                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         813955                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213715                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9269                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19939076                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             11553209                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           2067951                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      1027670                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2412458                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        557389                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       451783                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1221649                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204687                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     23153471                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.612999                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.955019                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       20741013     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         112697      0.49%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         178269      0.77%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         241384      1.04%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         248831      1.07%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         210782      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         118650      0.51%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         176221      0.76%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1125624      4.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     23153471                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.082392                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.460304                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       19737890                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       654929                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2408005                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         2753                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       349889                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       339886                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          267                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     14180340                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1549                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       349889                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       19791934                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        135365                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       396187                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2357404                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       122687                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     14174732                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           25                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        16545                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        53527                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     19780432                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     65936706                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     65936706                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     17139608                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        2640787                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         3537                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1849                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          369995                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      1330190                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       718345                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8543                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       212438                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         14157676                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3544                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        13447572                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1935                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1566211                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3738832                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          149                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23153471                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580802                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269908                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17429680     75.28%     75.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2380708     10.28%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1200039      5.18%     90.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       878681      3.80%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       695103      3.00%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       283935      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       179256      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        93432      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12637      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23153471                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2500     11.10%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8231     36.54%     47.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11797     52.37%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11310114     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       199811      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1686      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1220053      9.07%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       715908      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     13447572                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.535780                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22528                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001675                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50073076                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15727496                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13241081                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     13470100                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26920                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       216489                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           68                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9828                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       349889                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        107633                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12049                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14161246                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1482                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1330190                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       718345                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1849                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10187                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           68                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118942                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114614                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       233556                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13257793                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1146643                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       189777                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            1862498                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1883943                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           715855                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.528219                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             13241197                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            13241081                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         7601676                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        20488110                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.527553                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.371029                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9992005                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     12295539                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1865686                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3395                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       206924                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22803582                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539193                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.382927                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17732577     77.76%     77.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2525754     11.08%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       942789      4.13%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       449605      1.97%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       396334      1.74%     96.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       218334      0.96%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       180491      0.79%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86144      0.38%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       271554      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22803582                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      9992005                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     12295539                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              1822215                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1113698                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              1694                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1773153                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        11078118                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       253243                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       271554                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           36693188                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          28672378                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                304516                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               1945587                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           9992005                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            12295539                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      9992005                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.511914                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.511914                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.398103                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.398103                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       59671298                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      18446137                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      13141654                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         3392                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               25099058                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        2270901                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1890808                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       208335                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       895650                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         830611                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         244407                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9805                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19768515                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             12459582                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           2270901                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      1075018                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2596708                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        579534                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       666376                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1229072                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       199111                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     23400912                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654352                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029499                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       20804204     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         158765      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         201048      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         320054      1.37%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         133504      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         171578      0.73%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         201046      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          92486      0.40%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1318227      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     23400912                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.090478                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.496416                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       19652912                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       793354                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2584354                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         1248                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       369037                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       345305                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          276                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     15227943                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1643                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       369037                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       19672997                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         63640                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       674456                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2565504                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        55272                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     15134308                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         7955                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        38512                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     21139682                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     70381267                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     70381267                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     17674051                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        3465627                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         3685                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1931                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          195184                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      1417692                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       740318                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8333                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       168290                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         14777564                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3696                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        14172228                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        14807                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1803872                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3679648                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          165                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23400912                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605627                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326471                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17394955     74.33%     74.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2740322     11.71%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1118877      4.78%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       627876      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       850055      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       262464      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       257474      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       137972      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10917      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23400912                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         98201     79.19%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13130     10.59%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12675     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11939277     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       193826      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1753      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1299592      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       737780      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     14172228                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.564652                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            124006                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008750                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51884181                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16585217                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13801033                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     14296234                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10479                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       268935                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           86                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10225                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       369037                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         48816                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6315                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14781263                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11296                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1417692                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       740318                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1932                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5541                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           86                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       123410                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116383                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       239793                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13923995                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1277807                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       248233                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            2015489                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1968668                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           737682                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.554762                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             13801107                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            13801033                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         8269324                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        22218195                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.549863                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.372187                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10282586                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     12670639                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2110667                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3531                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       209887                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23031875                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550135                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370351                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17667964     76.71%     76.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2718255     11.80%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       988194      4.29%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       491644      2.13%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       448981      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       188949      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       186898      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        88913      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       252077      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23031875                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     10282586                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     12670639                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              1878850                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1148757                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              1762                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1836557                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        11407740                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       261654                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       252077                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           37561039                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          29931659                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                302092                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               1698146                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          10282586                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            12670639                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     10282586                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.440929                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.440929                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.409680                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.409680                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       62652237                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      19286805                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      14083602                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         3528                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                          32393                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32762.159286                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          1203203                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          65161                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          18.465079                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           284.003501                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    25.574111                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   590.607889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    25.184775                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1183.440418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    21.349890                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   900.864026                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    23.256295                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1412.305962                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    22.814684                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   867.392736                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    25.174380                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   510.109921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    23.023459                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1153.801826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    23.363174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   572.072996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    19.061492                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   798.941158                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    24.543745                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   514.053051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    19.062687                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   802.459264                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    20.457499                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   814.865364                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    22.098832                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   900.889182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    24.774584                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1174.807810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    25.902321                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   602.643036                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    22.249836                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   506.342779                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data           997.283015                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          1410.151491                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          1155.321896                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          1384.108733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          1279.039884                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data           782.434137                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          1425.849404                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          1033.078650                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          1418.501019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data           793.458699                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          1409.492002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          1400.303503                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          1177.254355                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          1382.782266                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data           963.233664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data           792.373886                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.008667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.018024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.036116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000652                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.027492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.043100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.026471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000768                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.015567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.035211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.017458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.024382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.015688                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.024489                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000624                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.024868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.027493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.035852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.018391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000679                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.015452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.030435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.043034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.035258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.042240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.039033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.023878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.043513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.031527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.043289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.024214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.043014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.042734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.035927                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.042199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.029396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.024181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999822                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2607                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4186                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3547                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         4671                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3664                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2541                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4264                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2653                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3549                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2529                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3501                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3535                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4226                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2584                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2536                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   54117                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            16674                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 16674                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   196                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2622                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4201                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3562                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         4680                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3679                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2553                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4278                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2668                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3555                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2542                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3506                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3506                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3550                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4241                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2599                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2547                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    54313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2622                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4201                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3562                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         4680                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3679                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2553                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4278                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2668                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3555                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2542                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3506                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3506                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3550                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4241                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2599                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2547                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   54313                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1428                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2899                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2063                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3364                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1947                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1184                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2830                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1382                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1961                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1193                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2001                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2003                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2049                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2856                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1451                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1198                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 32367                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  11                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1428                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2899                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2066                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3364                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1950                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1184                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2831                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1382                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1193                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2002                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2003                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2052                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2856                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1451                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  32378                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1428                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2899                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2066                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3364                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1950                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1184                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2831                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1382                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1961                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1193                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2002                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2003                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2052                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2856                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1451                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1198                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 32378                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5870789                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    217285758                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5734905                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    439663895                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5488777                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    311763929                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5407746                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    513838201                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5533332                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    294580231                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6035092                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    180289589                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5408765                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    429777837                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5258944                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    209088503                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4124866                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    294871594                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5419600                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    181242063                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4529718                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    301469455                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4591708                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    301826014                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5326097                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    309995728                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5375727                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    432970075                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6127354                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    218924348                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5077566                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    182143699                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4905041905                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       484403                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       471961                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       131317                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       131800                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       471781                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       1691262                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5870789                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    217285758                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5734905                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    439663895                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5488777                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    312248332                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5407746                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    513838201                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5533332                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    295052192                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6035092                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    180289589                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5408765                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    429909154                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5258944                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    209088503                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4124866                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    294871594                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5419600                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    181242063                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4529718                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    301601255                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4591708                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    301826014                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5326097                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    310467509                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5375727                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    432970075                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6127354                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    218924348                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5077566                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    182143699                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       4906733167                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5870789                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    217285758                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5734905                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    439663895                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5488777                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    312248332                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5407746                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    513838201                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5533332                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    295052192                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6035092                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    180289589                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5408765                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    429909154                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5258944                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    209088503                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4124866                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    294871594                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5419600                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    181242063                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4529718                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    301601255                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4591708                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    301826014                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5326097                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    310467509                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5375727                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    432970075                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6127354                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    218924348                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5077566                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    182143699                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      4906733167                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         4035                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         7085                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5610                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         8035                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         3725                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7094                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         4035                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5510                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         3722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         5502                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5503                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         5584                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         7082                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         4035                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         3734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               86484                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        16674                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             16674                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               207                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         4050                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         7100                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         8044                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5629                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         3737                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7109                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         4050                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         3735                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         5508                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5509                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         5602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         7097                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         4050                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         3745                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                86691                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         4050                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         7100                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         8044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         3737                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         4050                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         3735                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         5508                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5509                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         5602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         7097                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         4050                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         3745                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               86691                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.353903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.409174                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.367736                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.418668                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.346997                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.317852                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.398929                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.342503                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.355898                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.320527                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.363686                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.363983                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.366941                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.403276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.359603                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.320836                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.374254                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.066667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.053140                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.352593                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.408310                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.367093                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.418200                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.346420                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.316832                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.398228                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.341235                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.355511                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.319411                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.363471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.363587                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.366298                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.402424                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.358272                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.319893                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.373487                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.352593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.408310                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.367093                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.418200                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.346420                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.316832                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.398228                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.341235                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.355511                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.319411                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.363471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.363587                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.366298                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.402424                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.358272                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.319893                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.373487                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 154494.447368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 152160.894958                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 154997.432432                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151660.536392                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 161434.617647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151121.633059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 150215.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 152746.195303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 158095.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151299.553672                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 154745.948718                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 152271.612331                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 150243.472222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151864.960071                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 146081.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151294.141100                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 147316.642857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150367.972463                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 150544.444444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151921.259849                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 150990.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150659.397801                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 158334.758621                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150686.976535                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 156649.911765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151291.228892                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 149325.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151600.166317                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 153183.850000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150878.254997                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 149340.176471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 152039.815526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151544.533166                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 161467.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 157320.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       131317                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       131800                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 157260.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 153751.090909                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 154494.447368                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 152160.894958                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 154997.432432                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151660.536392                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 161434.617647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151136.656341                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 150215.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 152746.195303                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 158095.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151308.816410                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 154745.948718                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 152271.612331                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 150243.472222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151857.701872                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 146081.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151294.141100                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 147316.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150367.972463                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 150544.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151921.259849                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 150990.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150649.977522                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 158334.758621                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150686.976535                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 156649.911765                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151299.955653                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 149325.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151600.166317                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 153183.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150878.254997                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 149340.176471                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 152039.815526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151545.282815                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 154494.447368                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 152160.894958                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 154997.432432                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151660.536392                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 161434.617647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151136.656341                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 150215.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 152746.195303                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 158095.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151308.816410                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 154745.948718                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 152271.612331                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 150243.472222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151857.701872                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 146081.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151294.141100                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 147316.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150367.972463                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 150544.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151921.259849                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 150990.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150649.977522                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 158334.758621                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150686.976535                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 156649.911765                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151299.955653                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 149325.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151600.166317                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 153183.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150878.254997                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 149340.176471                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 152039.815526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151545.282815                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 9325                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      9325                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3364                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1961                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2049                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2856                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            32367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             11                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2066                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             32378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1428                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2899                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2066                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3364                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1950                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1184                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2831                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1382                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1961                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1193                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2002                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2003                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2052                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2856                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1451                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1198                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            32378                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3663869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    134142553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3578435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    270843330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3511945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    191563606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3309405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    317981207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3497746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    181171173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3767392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    111342669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3315341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    265000823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3166053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    128618860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2497820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    180625918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3329525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    111765921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2784527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    184875689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2904519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    185136534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3352005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    190674239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3281139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    266658532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3800897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    134415894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3101406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    112370838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3020049810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       309120                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       296193                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        73315                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        73683                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       296987                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1049298                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3663869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    134142553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3578435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    270843330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3511945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    191872726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3309405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    317981207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3497746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    181467366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3767392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    111342669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3315341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    265074138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3166053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    128618860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2497820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    180625918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3329525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    111765921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2784527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    184949372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2904519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    185136534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3352005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    190971226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3281139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    266658532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3800897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    134415894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3101406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    112370838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3021099108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3663869                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    134142553                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3578435                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    270843330                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3511945                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    191872726                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3309405                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    317981207                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3497746                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    181467366                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3767392                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    111342669                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3315341                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    265074138                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3166053                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    128618860                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2497820                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    180625918                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3329525                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    111765921                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2784527                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    184949372                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2904519                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    185136534                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3352005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    190971226                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3281139                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    266658532                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3800897                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    134415894                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3101406                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    112370838                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3021099108                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.353903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.409174                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.367736                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.418668                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.346997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.317852                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.398929                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.342503                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.355898                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.320527                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.363686                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.363983                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.366941                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.403276                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.359603                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.320836                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.374254                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.066667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.352593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.408310                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.367093                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.418200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.346420                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.316832                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.398228                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.341235                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.355511                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.319411                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.363471                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.363587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.366298                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.402424                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.358272                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.319893                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.373487                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.352593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.408310                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.367093                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.418200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.346420                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.316832                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.398228                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.341235                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.355511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.319411                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.363471                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.363587                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.366298                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.402424                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.358272                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.319893                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.373487                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 96417.605263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93937.362045                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 96714.459459                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93426.467747                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 103292.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92856.813379                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 91927.916667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 94524.734542                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 99935.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93051.449923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 96599.794872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 94039.416385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 92092.805556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93639.866784                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 87945.916667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93067.192475                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 89207.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92109.086181                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 92486.805556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93684.761945                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 92817.566667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92391.648676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 100155.827586                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92429.622566                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 98588.382353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93057.217667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 91142.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93367.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 95022.425000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92636.729152                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 91217.823529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93798.696160                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93306.448234                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       103040                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        98731                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        73315                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        73683                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 98995.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95390.727273                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 96417.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93937.362045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 96714.459459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93426.467747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 103292.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92871.600194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 91927.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 94524.734542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 99935.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93060.187692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 96599.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 94039.416385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 92092.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93632.687390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 87945.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93067.192475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 89207.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92109.086181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 92486.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93684.761945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 92817.566667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92382.303696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 100155.827586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92429.622566                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 98588.382353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93065.899610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 91142.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93367.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 95022.425000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92636.729152                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 91217.823529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93798.696160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93307.156341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 96417.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93937.362045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 96714.459459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93426.467747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 103292.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92871.600194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 91927.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 94524.734542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 99935.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93060.187692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 96599.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 94039.416385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 92092.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93632.687390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 87945.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93067.192475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 89207.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92109.086181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 92486.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93684.761945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 92817.566667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92382.303696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 100155.827586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92429.622566                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 98588.382353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93065.899610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 91142.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93367.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 95022.425000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92636.729152                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 91217.823529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93798.696160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93307.156341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              510.194117                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001229478                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1940367.205426                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    35.194117                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.056401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1221382                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1221382                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1221382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1221382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1221382                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1221382                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7823627                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7823627                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7823627                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7823627                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7823627                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7823627                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1221429                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1221429                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1221429                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1221429                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1221429                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1221429                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 166460.148936                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166460.148936                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 166460.148936                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166460.148936                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 166460.148936                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166460.148936                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6704266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6704266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6704266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6704266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6704266                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6704266                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 163518.682927                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163518.682927                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 163518.682927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163518.682927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 163518.682927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163518.682927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 4050                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              152643216                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 4306                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             35448.958662                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   220.934423                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    35.065577                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.863025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.136975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       839598                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        839598                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       705704                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       705704                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1823                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1823                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1698                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1698                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1545302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        1545302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1545302                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       1545302                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        12905                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12905                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        12991                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        12991                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        12991                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        12991                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1546307155                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1546307155                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      7795579                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7795579                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1554102734                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1554102734                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1554102734                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1554102734                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       852503                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       852503                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       705790                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       705790                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1823                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1823                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1698                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1698                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1558293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1558293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1558293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1558293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.015138                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015138                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 119822.328942                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119822.328942                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 90646.267442                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90646.267442                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 119629.184358                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119629.184358                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 119629.184358                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119629.184358                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          848                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             848                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         8870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         8941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         8941                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8941                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         4035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         4050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         4050                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4050                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    407580144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    407580144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1082312                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1082312                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    408662456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    408662456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    408662456                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    408662456                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004733                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004733                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 101011.188104                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101011.188104                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 72154.133333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72154.133333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 100904.310123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100904.310123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 100904.310123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100904.310123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              522.333612                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1006992240                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  528                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1907182.272727                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    32.333612                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.051817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.837073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1216915                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1216915                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1216915                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1216915                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1216915                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1216915                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8137406                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8137406                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8137406                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8137406                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8137406                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8137406                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1216966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1216966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1216966                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1216966                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1216966                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1216966                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 159556.980392                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159556.980392                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 159556.980392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159556.980392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 159556.980392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159556.980392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6408380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6408380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6408380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6408380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6408380                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6408380                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 168641.578947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168641.578947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 168641.578947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168641.578947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 168641.578947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168641.578947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 7100                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              167404298                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 7356                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             22757.517401                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   227.297615                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    28.702385                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.887881                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.112119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       841617                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        841617                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       696900                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       696900                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1923                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1923                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1626                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1626                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1538517                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        1538517                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1538517                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       1538517                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18209                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18209                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           88                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           88                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18297                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        18297                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18297                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        18297                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2160233195                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2160233195                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      7447923                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7447923                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2167681118                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2167681118                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2167681118                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2167681118                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       859826                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       859826                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       696988                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       696988                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1923                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1923                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1626                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1626                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1556814                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1556814                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1556814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1556814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.021178                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021178                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011753                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011753                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011753                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011753                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 118635.465704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118635.465704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 84635.488636                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84635.488636                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 118471.941739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118471.941739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 118471.941739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118471.941739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          927                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             927                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        11124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        11197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        11197                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11197                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         7085                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7085                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         7100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         7100                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7100                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    751091570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    751091570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1004095                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1004095                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    752095665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    752095665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    752095665                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    752095665                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008240                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008240                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 106011.513056                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106011.513056                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 66939.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66939.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 105928.966901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105928.966901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 105928.966901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105928.966901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              510.142586                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1002525934                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1939121.729207                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    28.142586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.045100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817536                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1201783                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1201783                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1201783                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1201783                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1201783                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1201783                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7159685                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7159685                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7159685                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7159685                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7159685                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7159685                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1201825                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1201825                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1201825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1201825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1201825                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1201825                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 170468.690476                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170468.690476                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 170468.690476                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170468.690476                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 170468.690476                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170468.690476                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6051331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6051331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6051331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6051331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6051331                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6051331                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 172895.171429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172895.171429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 172895.171429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172895.171429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 172895.171429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172895.171429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 5628                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              158547026                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 5884                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             26945.449694                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   226.914167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    29.085833                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.886383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.113617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       842360                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        842360                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       713312                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       713312                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1676                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1676                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1638                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1638                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1555672                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        1555672                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1555672                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       1555672                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19377                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19377                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          496                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          496                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19873                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        19873                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19873                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        19873                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2441188554                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2441188554                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     57871481                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     57871481                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2499060035                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2499060035                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2499060035                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2499060035                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       861737                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       861737                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       713808                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       713808                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1676                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1676                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1638                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1638                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1575545                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1575545                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1575545                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1575545                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.022486                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022486                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000695                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000695                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012613                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012613                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012613                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012613                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 125983.823812                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125983.823812                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 116676.372984                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116676.372984                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 125751.523927                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125751.523927                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 125751.523927                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125751.523927                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1873                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            1873                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        13767                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13767                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          478                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          478                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        14245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        14245                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14245                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5628                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5628                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    572146549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    572146549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1496929                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1496929                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    573643478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    573643478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    573643478                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    573643478                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006510                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006510                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003572                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003572                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003572                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003572                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 101986.907130                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101986.907130                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 83162.722222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83162.722222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 101926.701848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101926.701848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 101926.701848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101926.701848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              573.984873                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1032146837                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1779563.512069                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    32.864117                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   541.120756                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.052667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.867181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.919848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1190072                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1190072                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1190072                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1190072                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1190072                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1190072                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7491391                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7491391                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7491391                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7491391                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7491391                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7491391                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1190120                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1190120                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1190120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1190120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1190120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1190120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 156070.645833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156070.645833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 156070.645833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156070.645833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 156070.645833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156070.645833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5892087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5892087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5892087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5892087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5892087                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5892087                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 159245.594595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159245.594595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 159245.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159245.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 159245.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159245.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 8044                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              406953339                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 8300                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             49030.522771                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   110.995536                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   145.004464                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.433576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.566424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      3110710                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3110710                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1702487                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1702487                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          834                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          834                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          832                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          832                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      4813197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        4813197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      4813197                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       4813197                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        28397                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        28397                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        28427                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        28427                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        28427                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        28427                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3335401423                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3335401423                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      2463107                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2463107                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3337864530                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3337864530                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3337864530                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3337864530                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      3139107                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3139107                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1702517                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1702517                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          834                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          834                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          832                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          832                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      4841624                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4841624                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      4841624                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4841624                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005871                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005871                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005871                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005871                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 117456.119414                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117456.119414                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 82103.566667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82103.566667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 117418.810638                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117418.810638                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 117418.810638                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117418.810638                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1285                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            1285                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        20362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        20383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        20383                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20383                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         8035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         8044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         8044                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8044                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    874828825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    874828825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       611344                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       611344                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    875440169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    875440169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    875440169                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    875440169                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001661                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001661                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001661                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001661                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 108877.265090                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108877.265090                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 67927.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67927.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 108831.448160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108831.448160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 108831.448160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108831.448160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              511.787001                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1002527255                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1935380.801158                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    29.787001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.047736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.820171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1203104                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1203104                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1203104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1203104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1203104                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1203104                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7576480                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7576480                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7576480                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7576480                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7576480                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7576480                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1203147                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1203147                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1203147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1203147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1203147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1203147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 176197.209302                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 176197.209302                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 176197.209302                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 176197.209302                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 176197.209302                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 176197.209302                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6320930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6320930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6320930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6320930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6320930                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6320930                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 175581.388889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175581.388889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 175581.388889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175581.388889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 175581.388889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175581.388889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 5629                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              158554621                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 5885                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             26942.161597                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   226.939584                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    29.060416                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.886483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.113517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       848102                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        848102                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       715156                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       715156                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1680                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1680                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1643                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1643                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1563258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        1563258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1563258                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       1563258                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        19324                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19324                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          490                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          490                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        19814                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        19814                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        19814                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        19814                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2419105435                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2419105435                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     56999595                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     56999595                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2476105030                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2476105030                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2476105030                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2476105030                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       867426                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       867426                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       715646                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       715646                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1680                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1680                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1643                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1643                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1583072                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1583072                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1583072                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1583072                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.022277                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022277                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000685                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000685                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012516                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012516                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012516                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012516                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 125186.578089                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125186.578089                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 116325.704082                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116325.704082                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 124967.448774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124967.448774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 124967.448774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124967.448774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2007                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            2007                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        13713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          472                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          472                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        14185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        14185                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14185                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5629                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5629                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    560295350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    560295350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1500908                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1500908                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    561796258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    561796258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    561796258                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    561796258                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006469                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006469                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 99856.594190                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99856.594190                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 83383.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83383.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 99803.918636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99803.918636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 99803.918636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99803.918636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              488.291774                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1004328981                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             2024856.816532                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    33.291774                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.053352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.782519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1229541                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1229541                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1229541                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1229541                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1229541                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1229541                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8494771                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8494771                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8494771                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8494771                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8494771                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8494771                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1229591                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1229591                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1229591                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1229591                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1229591                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1229591                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 169895.420000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 169895.420000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 169895.420000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 169895.420000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 169895.420000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 169895.420000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7146585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7146585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7146585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7146585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7146585                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7146585                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 174306.951220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174306.951220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 174306.951220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174306.951220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 174306.951220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174306.951220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 3737                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              148942868                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 3993                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             37300.993739                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   219.371690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    36.628310                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.856921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.143079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       977345                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        977345                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       725770                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       725770                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1910                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1910                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1762                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1762                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1703115                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        1703115                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1703115                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       1703115                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         9507                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9507                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           51                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           51                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         9558                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         9558                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         9558                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         9558                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1009468791                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1009468791                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      4112386                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4112386                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1013581177                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1013581177                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1013581177                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1013581177                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       986852                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       986852                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       725821                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       725821                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1910                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1910                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1762                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1762                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1712673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1712673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1712673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1712673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009634                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009634                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000070                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000070                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005581                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005581                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005581                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005581                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 106181.633638                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106181.633638                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 80635.019608                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80635.019608                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 106045.320883                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106045.320883                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 106045.320883                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106045.320883                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          823                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             823                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         5782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           39                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           39                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         5821                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5821                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         5821                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5821                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3737                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3737                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    362798860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    362798860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       857602                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       857602                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    363656462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    363656462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    363656462                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    363656462                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003775                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003775                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002182                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002182                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002182                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002182                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 97395.667114                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97395.667114                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 71466.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71466.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 97312.406208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97312.406208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 97312.406208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97312.406208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              521.780200                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1006992888                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1910802.444023                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    31.780200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.050930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.836186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1217563                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1217563                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1217563                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1217563                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1217563                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1217563                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7539995                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7539995                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7539995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7539995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7539995                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7539995                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1217613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1217613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1217613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1217613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1217613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1217613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 150799.900000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 150799.900000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 150799.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 150799.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 150799.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 150799.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6058934                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6058934                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6058934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6058934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6058934                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6058934                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 163754.972973                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163754.972973                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 163754.972973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163754.972973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 163754.972973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163754.972973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 7109                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              167405459                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 7365                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             22729.865445                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   227.275381                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    28.724619                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.887794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.112206                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       842753                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        842753                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       696912                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       696912                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1936                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1936                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1626                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1626                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1539665                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        1539665                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1539665                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       1539665                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        18218                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18218                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        18305                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        18305                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        18305                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        18305                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2137834731                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2137834731                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      7790467                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7790467                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2145625198                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2145625198                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2145625198                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2145625198                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       860971                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       860971                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       696999                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       696999                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1936                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1936                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1626                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1626                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1557970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1557970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1557970                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1557970                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021160                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021160                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011749                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011749                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011749                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011749                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 117347.388901                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117347.388901                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 89545.597701                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89545.597701                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 117215.252554                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117215.252554                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 117215.252554                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117215.252554                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          896                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             896                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        11124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        11196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        11196                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11196                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         7094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         7109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         7109                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7109                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    746305323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    746305323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1086012                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1086012                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    747391335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    747391335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    747391335                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    747391335                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008240                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008240                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004563                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004563                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004563                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004563                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105202.329151                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105202.329151                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 72400.800000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72400.800000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105133.117879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105133.117879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105133.117879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105133.117879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              506.320640                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1001230279                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  513                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1951715.943470                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    31.320640                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.050193                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.811411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1222183                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1222183                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1222183                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1222183                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1222183                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1222183                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7284243                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7284243                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7284243                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7284243                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7284243                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7284243                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1222228                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1222228                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1222228                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1222228                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1222228                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1222228                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 161872.066667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161872.066667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 161872.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161872.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 161872.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161872.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6163398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6163398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6163398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6163398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6163398                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6163398                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 162194.684211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162194.684211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 162194.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162194.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 162194.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162194.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 4049                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              152643610                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 4305                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             35457.284553                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   220.940270                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    35.059730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.863048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.136952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       839913                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        839913                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       705792                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       705792                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1814                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1814                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1698                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1698                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1545705                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        1545705                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1545705                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       1545705                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        12954                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12954                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           83                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           83                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        13037                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        13037                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        13037                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        13037                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1531875091                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1531875091                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      7529324                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7529324                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1539404415                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1539404415                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1539404415                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1539404415                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       852867                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       852867                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       705875                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       705875                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1814                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1814                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1698                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1698                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1558742                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1558742                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1558742                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1558742                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.015189                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015189                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000118                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000118                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008364                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008364                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008364                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008364                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 118254.986182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118254.986182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 90714.746988                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90714.746988                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 118079.651377                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118079.651377                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 118079.651377                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118079.651377                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          841                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             841                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         8919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         8987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         8987                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8987                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4050                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4050                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    400917715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    400917715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1090186                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1090186                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    402007901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    402007901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    402007901                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    402007901                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004731                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004731                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002598                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002598                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002598                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002598                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 99360.028501                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99360.028501                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 72679.066667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72679.066667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 99261.210123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99261.210123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 99261.210123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99261.210123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              551.155080                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              921365386                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1657131.989209                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    24.986821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   526.168259                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.040043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.843218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.883261                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1220354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1220354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1220354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1220354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1220354                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1220354                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5322386                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5322386                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5322386                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5322386                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5322386                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5322386                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1220388                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1220388                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1220388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1220388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1220388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1220388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000028                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000028                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000028                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 156540.764706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156540.764706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 156540.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156540.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 156540.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156540.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4588144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4588144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4588144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4588144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4588144                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4588144                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 158211.862069                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158211.862069                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 158211.862069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158211.862069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 158211.862069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158211.862069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 5516                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              205505602                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 5772                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             35603.881150                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   193.855975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    62.144025                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.757250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.242750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1812480                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1812480                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       333734                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       333734                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          786                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          786                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          782                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          782                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      2146214                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        2146214                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      2146214                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       2146214                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19051                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19051                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19081                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        19081                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19081                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        19081                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2052026033                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2052026033                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      2590497                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2590497                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2054616530                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2054616530                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2054616530                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2054616530                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1831531                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1831531                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       333764                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       333764                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          786                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          786                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          782                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          782                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      2165295                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2165295                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      2165295                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2165295                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.010402                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010402                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008812                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008812                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008812                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008812                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 107712.247809                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107712.247809                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 86349.900000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86349.900000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 107678.660972                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107678.660972                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 107678.660972                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107678.660972                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          655                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             655                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        13541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        13565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        13565                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13565                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    553605238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    553605238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       407357                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       407357                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    554012595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    554012595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    554012595                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    554012595                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 100472.819964                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100472.819964                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 67892.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67892.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 100437.381255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100437.381255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 100437.381255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100437.381255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              487.396848                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1004328717                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             2037177.924949                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    32.396848                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.051918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.781085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1229277                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1229277                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1229277                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1229277                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1229277                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1229277                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8074642                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8074642                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8074642                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8074642                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8074642                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8074642                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1229329                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1229329                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1229329                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1229329                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1229329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1229329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 155281.576923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 155281.576923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 155281.576923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 155281.576923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 155281.576923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 155281.576923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6167074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6167074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6167074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6167074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6167074                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6167074                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 162291.421053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162291.421053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 162291.421053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162291.421053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 162291.421053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162291.421053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 3735                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              148944480                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 3991                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             37320.090203                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   219.379161                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    36.620839                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.856950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.143050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       978572                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        978572                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       726158                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       726158                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1905                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1905                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1764                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1764                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1704730                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        1704730                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1704730                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       1704730                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9535                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9535                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           51                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           51                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9586                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         9586                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9586                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         9586                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1013237198                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1013237198                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      4243408                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4243408                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1017480606                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1017480606                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1017480606                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1017480606                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       988107                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       988107                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       726209                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       726209                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1905                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1905                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1764                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1764                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1714316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1714316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1714316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1714316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009650                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009650                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000070                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000070                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005592                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005592                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005592                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005592                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106265.044363                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106265.044363                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 83204.078431                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83204.078431                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106142.354058                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106142.354058                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106142.354058                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106142.354058                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          821                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             821                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           38                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           38                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5851                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5851                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3735                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3735                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    362741755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    362741755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       928374                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       928374                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    363670129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    363670129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    363670129                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    363670129                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003767                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003767                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002179                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002179                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002179                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002179                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 97458.827243                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97458.827243                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 71413.384615                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71413.384615                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 97368.173762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97368.173762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 97368.173762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97368.173762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              552.423929                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              921365016                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1651191.784946                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    26.255557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   526.168372                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.042076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.843219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.885295                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1219984                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1219984                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1219984                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1219984                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1219984                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1219984                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5623849                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5623849                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5623849                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5623849                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5623849                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5623849                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1220020                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1220020                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1220020                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1220020                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1220020                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1220020                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 156218.027778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156218.027778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 156218.027778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156218.027778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 156218.027778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156218.027778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4962894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4962894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4962894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4962894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4962894                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4962894                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 160093.354839                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160093.354839                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 160093.354839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160093.354839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 160093.354839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160093.354839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 5508                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              205505408                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 5764                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             35653.263012                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   193.698872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    62.301128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.756636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.243364                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1812482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1812482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       333529                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       333529                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          794                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          794                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          783                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          783                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      2146011                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        2146011                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      2146011                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       2146011                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        19015                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19015                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        19045                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        19045                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        19045                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        19045                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2063137149                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2063137149                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      3238658                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3238658                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2066375807                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2066375807                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2066375807                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2066375807                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1831497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1831497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       333559                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       333559                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          794                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          794                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          783                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          783                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      2165056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2165056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      2165056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2165056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010382                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010382                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008797                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008797                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008797                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008797                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 108500.507441                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108500.507441                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 107955.266667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107955.266667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 108499.648569                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108499.648569                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 108499.648569                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108499.648569                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          630                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             630                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        13513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        13537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        13537                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13537                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         5502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         5508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         5508                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5508                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    557793857                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    557793857                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       484164                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       484164                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    558278021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    558278021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    558278021                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    558278021                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 101380.199382                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101380.199382                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        80694                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        80694                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 101357.665396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101357.665396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 101357.665396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101357.665396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              551.571411                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              921364765                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1654155.771993                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    25.403322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   526.168089                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.040710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.843218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.883929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1219733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1219733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1219733                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1219733                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1219733                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1219733                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6038787                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6038787                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6038787                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6038787                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6038787                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6038787                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1219770                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1219770                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1219770                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1219770                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1219770                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1219770                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 163210.459459                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163210.459459                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 163210.459459                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163210.459459                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 163210.459459                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163210.459459                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5095770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5095770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5095770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5095770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5095770                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5095770                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst       169859                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       169859                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst       169859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       169859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst       169859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       169859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 5509                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              205504971                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 5765                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             35647.002775                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   193.160828                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    62.839172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.754534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.245466                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1811998                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1811998                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       333582                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       333582                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          788                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          788                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          783                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          783                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      2145580                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        2145580                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      2145580                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       2145580                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19004                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19004                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19034                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        19034                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19034                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        19034                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2071208387                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2071208387                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      2529707                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2529707                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2073738094                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2073738094                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2073738094                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2073738094                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1831002                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1831002                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       333612                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       333612                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          788                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          788                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          783                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          783                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      2164614                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2164614                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      2164614                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2164614                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.010379                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010379                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008793                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008793                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008793                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008793                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 108988.022890                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108988.022890                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 84323.566667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84323.566667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 108949.148576                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108949.148576                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 108949.148576                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108949.148576                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          651                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             651                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        13501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        13525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        13525                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13525                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5509                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5509                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    558718567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    558718567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    559103167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    559103167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    559103167                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    559103167                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 101529.814101                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101529.814101                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 101489.048285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101489.048285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 101489.048285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101489.048285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              510.546402                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1002526013                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1939121.882012                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    28.546402                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.045747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.818183                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1201862                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1201862                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1201862                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1201862                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1201862                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1201862                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7540813                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7540813                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7540813                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7540813                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7540813                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7540813                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1201907                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1201907                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1201907                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1201907                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1201907                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1201907                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 167573.622222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 167573.622222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 167573.622222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 167573.622222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 167573.622222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 167573.622222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6029396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6029396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6029396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6029396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6029396                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6029396                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 172268.457143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172268.457143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 172268.457143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172268.457143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 172268.457143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172268.457143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 5602                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              158553185                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 5858                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             27066.095084                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   227.381589                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    28.618411                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.888209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.111791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       847171                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        847171                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       714652                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       714652                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1681                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1681                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1641                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1641                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1561823                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        1561823                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1561823                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       1561823                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        19272                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19272                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          486                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          486                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        19758                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        19758                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        19758                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        19758                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2426843254                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2426843254                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     58904657                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     58904657                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2485747911                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2485747911                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2485747911                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2485747911                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       866443                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       866443                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       715138                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       715138                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1681                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1681                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1641                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1641                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1581581                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1581581                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1581581                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1581581                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.022243                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022243                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000680                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000680                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012493                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012493                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012493                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012493                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 125925.864155                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125925.864155                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 121202.997942                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121202.997942                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 125809.692833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125809.692833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 125809.692833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125809.692833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1882                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            1882                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        13688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          468                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          468                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        14156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        14156                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14156                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         5584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         5602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         5602                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5602                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    568355907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    568355907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1513593                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1513593                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    569869500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    569869500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    569869500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    569869500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006445                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006445                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003542                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003542                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003542                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003542                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 101782.934635                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101782.934635                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 84088.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84088.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 101726.079971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101726.079971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 101726.079971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101726.079971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              521.187242                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1006992110                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1910800.967742                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    31.187242                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.049980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.835236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1216785                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1216785                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1216785                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1216785                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1216785                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1216785                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7548770                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7548770                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7548770                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7548770                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7548770                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7548770                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1216832                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1216832                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1216832                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1216832                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1216832                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1216832                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 160612.127660                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160612.127660                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 160612.127660                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160612.127660                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 160612.127660                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160612.127660                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6060350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6060350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6060350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6060350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6060350                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6060350                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 163793.243243                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163793.243243                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 163793.243243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163793.243243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 163793.243243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163793.243243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 7097                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              167405720                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 7353                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             22766.995784                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   227.245637                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    28.754363                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.887678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.112322                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       842803                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        842803                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       697135                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       697135                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1925                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1925                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1625                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1625                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1539938                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        1539938                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1539938                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       1539938                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        18278                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18278                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        18363                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        18363                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        18363                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        18363                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2160265191                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2160265191                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      7068114                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7068114                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2167333305                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2167333305                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2167333305                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2167333305                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       861081                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       861081                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       697220                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       697220                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1925                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1925                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1625                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1625                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1558301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1558301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1558301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1558301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.021227                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021227                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011784                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011784                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011784                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011784                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 118189.363771                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118189.363771                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 83154.282353                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83154.282353                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 118027.190818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118027.190818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 118027.190818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118027.190818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          863                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             863                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        11196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        11266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        11266                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11266                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         7082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         7097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         7097                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7097                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    748538045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    748538045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1010435                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1010435                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    749548480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    749548480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    749548480                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    749548480                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008225                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008225                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004554                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004554                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004554                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004554                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105695.854984                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105695.854984                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 67362.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67362.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105614.834437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105614.834437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105614.834437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105614.834437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              511.257624                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1001229695                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1932875.859073                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    36.257624                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.058105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.819323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1221599                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1221599                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1221599                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1221599                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1221599                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1221599                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8201847                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8201847                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8201847                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8201847                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8201847                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8201847                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1221649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1221649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1221649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1221649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1221649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1221649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 164036.940000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164036.940000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 164036.940000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164036.940000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 164036.940000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164036.940000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6926239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6926239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6926239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6926239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6926239                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6926239                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 161075.325581                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161075.325581                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 161075.325581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161075.325581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 161075.325581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161075.325581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 4050                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              152642278                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 4306                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             35448.740827                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   220.926820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    35.073180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.862995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.137005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       839186                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        839186                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       705173                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       705173                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1830                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1830                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1696                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1696                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1544359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        1544359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1544359                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       1544359                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        12938                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12938                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        13024                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        13024                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        13024                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        13024                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1551254483                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1551254483                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      7202415                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7202415                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1558456898                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1558456898                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1558456898                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1558456898                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       852124                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       852124                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       705259                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       705259                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1830                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1830                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1696                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1696                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1557383                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1557383                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1557383                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1557383                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.015183                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015183                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008363                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008363                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008363                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008363                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 119899.094373                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119899.094373                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 83749.011628                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83749.011628                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 119660.388360                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119660.388360                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 119660.388360                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119660.388360                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          848                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             848                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         8903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         8974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         8974                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8974                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4050                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4050                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    407947554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    407947554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1018192                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1018192                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    408965746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    408965746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    408965746                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    408965746                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004735                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004735                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 101102.243866                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101102.243866                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 67879.466667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67879.466667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 100979.196543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100979.196543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 100979.196543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100979.196543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              484.852606                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1004328464                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             2045475.486762                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    29.852606                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.047841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.777007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1229024                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1229024                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1229024                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1229024                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1229024                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1229024                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7807344                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7807344                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7807344                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7807344                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7807344                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7807344                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1229072                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1229072                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1229072                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1229072                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1229072                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1229072                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       162653                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       162653                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       162653                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       162653                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       162653                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       162653                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5945733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5945733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5945733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5945733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5945733                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5945733                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 165159.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165159.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 165159.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165159.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 165159.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165159.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 3745                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              148944720                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 4001                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             37226.873282                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   219.418832                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    36.581168                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.857105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.142895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       978481                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        978481                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       726491                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       726491                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1903                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1903                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1764                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1764                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1704972                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        1704972                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1704972                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       1704972                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         9535                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9535                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           40                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           40                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         9575                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         9575                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         9575                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         9575                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1021994753                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1021994753                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      3792966                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3792966                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1025787719                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1025787719                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1025787719                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1025787719                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       988016                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       988016                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       726531                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       726531                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1903                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1903                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1764                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1764                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1714547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1714547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1714547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1714547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009651                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009651                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000055                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000055                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005585                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005585                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005585                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005585                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 107183.508443                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107183.508443                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 94824.150000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94824.150000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 107131.876658                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107131.876658                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 107131.876658                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107131.876658                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          824                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             824                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         5801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           29                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           29                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         5830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         5830                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5830                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3745                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3745                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    365179971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    365179971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       812575                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       812575                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    365992546                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    365992546                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    365992546                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    365992546                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003779                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003779                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002184                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002184                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002184                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002184                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 97798.599625                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97798.599625                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 73870.454545                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73870.454545                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 97728.316689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97728.316689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 97728.316689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97728.316689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
