
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001075                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1075336665                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               398803687920                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 282787                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   374676                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  26373                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67763316                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 40774.03                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11530366683                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15277058631                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data         9216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        16896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        46080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        61312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        22144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        22144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        21888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        46464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        45952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        22144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        14592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        46336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        21888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        14592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        60160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        16640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               520960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           32512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       170752                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            170752                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data           72                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          132                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          360                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          479                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          173                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          173                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          171                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          363                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          359                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          173                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          114                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          362                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          171                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          114                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          470                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          130                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  4070                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1334                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1334                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      3094845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data      8570339                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1785487                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     15712289                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1666455                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     42851696                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1547422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     57016562                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1547422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     20592621                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1547422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     20592621                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1547422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     20354556                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1547422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     43208794                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1666455                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     42732664                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1547422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     20592621                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      3213877                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     13569704                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1547422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     43089761                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1547422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     20354556                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      3213877                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     13569704                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1547422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     55945270                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1666455                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     15474224                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               484462231                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      3094845                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1785487                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1666455                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1547422                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1547422                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1547422                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1547422                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1547422                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1666455                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1547422                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      3213877                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1547422                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1547422                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      3213877                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1547422                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1666455                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           30234252                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         158789341                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              158789341                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         158789341                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      3094845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data      8570339                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      1785487                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     15712289                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      1666455                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     42851696                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      1547422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     57016562                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      1547422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     20592621                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      1547422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     20592621                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      1547422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     20354556                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      1547422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     43208794                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      1666455                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     42732664                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      1547422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     20592621                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      3213877                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     13569704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      1547422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     43089761                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      1547422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     20354556                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      3213877                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     13569704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      1547422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     55945270                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      1666455                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     15474224                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              643251572                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         224754                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       187033                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21837                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84544                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79849                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23749                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          999                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1944254                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1232433                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            224754                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       103598                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              256219                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         61773                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       166542                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles         3416                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           42                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          122064                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20756                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2410204                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.629163                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.996740                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2153985     89.37%     89.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          15616      0.65%     90.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          19657      0.82%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          31421      1.30%     92.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          12656      0.53%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          16816      0.70%     93.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          19403      0.81%     94.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7           9104      0.38%     94.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         131546      5.46%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2410204                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.087156                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.477920                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1936317                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       179327                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          254922                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles          118                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        39514                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        34134                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          218                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1505793                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        39514                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1938765                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles          5326                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       168223                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          252562                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles         5809                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1495587                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents          686                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         4087                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      2089514                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6949969                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6949969                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1718824                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         370662                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          354                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          184                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           21248                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       141676                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        72398                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads          769                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        16025                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1458923                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          356                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1388655                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1818                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       195582                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       416290                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2410204                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576157                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301711                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1823253     75.65%     75.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       266243     11.05%     86.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110340      4.58%     91.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        61529      2.55%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        82819      3.44%     97.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        25965      1.08%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        25442      1.06%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13512      0.56%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1101      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2410204                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9713     78.85%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1351     10.97%     89.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1254     10.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1169777     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18827      1.36%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          170      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       127866      9.21%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        72015      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1388655                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.538500                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12318                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008870                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5201650                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1654881                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1350849                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1400973                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          939                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29968                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1491                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        39514                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles          4036                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles          502                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1459281                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1118                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       141676                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72398                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          184                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          420                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12048                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12738                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        24786                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1363605                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       125326                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        25050                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             197302                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         192497                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            71976                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.528786                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1350880                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1350849                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          809025                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         2172437                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.523839                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.372404                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000005                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1232105                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       227168                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          345                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        21811                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2370690                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.519724                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.337080                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1848616     77.98%     77.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       264990     11.18%     89.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        95900      4.05%     93.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47710      2.01%     95.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43776      1.85%     97.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18442      0.78%     97.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18227      0.77%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8723      0.37%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24306      1.03%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2370690                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000005                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1232105                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               182615                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              111708                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               172                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           178645                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1109201                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        25420                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        24306                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3805644                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2958077                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 30919                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                168542                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000005                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1232105                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000005                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.578733                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.578733                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.387787                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.387787                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6132080                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1889669                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1390866                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          344                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         195022                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       159832                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20905                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        80402                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          74547                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19758                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          920                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1870035                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1115206                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            195022                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches        94305                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              244018                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         60049                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       156066                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          116918                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20813                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2308825                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.591374                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933730                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2064807     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          25627      1.11%     90.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          30244      1.31%     91.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          16758      0.73%     92.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          18931      0.82%     93.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          10692      0.46%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6           7517      0.33%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          19287      0.84%     95.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         114962      4.98%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2308825                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.075627                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.432461                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        1854603                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       172046                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          241988                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         1817                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        38367                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        31571                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          339                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1361097                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1842                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        38367                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        1857783                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         15040                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       148500                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          240540                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles         8591                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1359547                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         1895                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         4190                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      1890949                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      6328157                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      6328157                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1584699                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         306189                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          345                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          191                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           24996                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       130430                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        69689                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1662                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        15292                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1355573                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          345                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1272861                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1792                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       186776                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       433670                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           36                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2308825                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551303                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.246457                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1773907     76.83%     76.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       214876      9.31%     86.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       115095      4.99%     91.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        79750      3.45%     94.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        70400      3.05%     97.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        36102      1.56%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8642      0.37%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5841      0.25%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4212      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2308825                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           331     11.40%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1299     44.75%     56.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1273     43.85%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1066201     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19865      1.56%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          154      0.01%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       117456      9.23%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69185      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1272861                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.493597                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2903                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002281                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4859242                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1542729                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1249982                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1275764                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3264                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25523                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           35                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1845                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           78                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          112                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        38367                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         10791                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles          971                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1355921                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          438                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       130430                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69689                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          191                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents          666                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           35                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11510                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12092                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        23602                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1252781                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       110000                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20080                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             179162                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         174224                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            69162                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.485810                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1250052                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1249982                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          744292                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         1951309                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.484725                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.381432                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts       930241                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1141403                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       214461                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          308                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        20872                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2270458                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502719                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319347                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1804393     79.47%     79.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       216246      9.52%     89.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90538      3.99%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        54105      2.38%     95.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37646      1.66%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        24404      1.07%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12893      0.57%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10060      0.44%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20173      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2270458                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts       930241                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1141403                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               172728                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              104893                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               154                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           163314                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         1029110                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        23245                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        20173                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            3606149                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           2750160                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 30637                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                269921                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts            930241                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1141403                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total       930241                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.772127                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.772127                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.360734                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.360734                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        5649636                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1737551                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1268074                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          308                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         170416                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       153440                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        10810                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        67519                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits          58838                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9227                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          502                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1791152                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1068132                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            170416                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches        68065                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              210610                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         34576                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       299415                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          104605                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        10683                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2324697                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.539990                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.839273                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2114087     90.94%     90.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1           7444      0.32%     91.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          15267      0.66%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3           6326      0.27%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          34311      1.48%     93.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          31031      1.33%     95.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6           5742      0.25%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          12405      0.53%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8          98084      4.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2324697                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.066085                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.414206                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        1774639                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       316316                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          209681                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles          744                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        23311                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        15034                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1252303                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1277                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        23311                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        1777443                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        282558                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        25827                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          207851                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles         7701                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1250418                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           37                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         3310                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         2839                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents          144                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      1476055                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      5883626                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      5883626                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1267289                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         208760                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          151                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts           81                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           20323                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       292169                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       146251                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1366                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores         7090                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1245642                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          151                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1183709                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1010                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       120824                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       299458                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2324697                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.509189                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.298537                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1899594     81.71%     81.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       129480      5.57%     87.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       105456      4.54%     91.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        45399      1.95%     93.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        56712      2.44%     96.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        53589      2.31%     98.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        30433      1.31%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2543      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1491      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2324697                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2956     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        22527     86.06%     97.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          694      2.65%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       745731     63.00%     63.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10329      0.87%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           70      0.01%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       282036     23.83%     87.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       145543     12.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1183709                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.459025                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26177                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022114                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4719302                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1366666                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1171419                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1209886                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2020                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15643                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           49                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1612                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          103                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        23311                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        277362                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2210                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1245793                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           47                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       292169                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       146251                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           81                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1398                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            9                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           49                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         5472                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6869                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        12341                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1173982                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       280940                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         9727                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             426448                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         153438                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           145508                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.455253                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1171527                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1171419                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          634493                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         1256326                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.454259                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.505039                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts       941312                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1106154                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       139715                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          140                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        10809                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2301386                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.480647                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.294538                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1898134     82.48%     82.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       148525      6.45%     88.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        69243      3.01%     91.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        67996      2.95%     94.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        18612      0.81%     95.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        77863      3.38%     99.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6208      0.27%     99.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4296      0.19%     99.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        10509      0.46%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2301386                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts       941312                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1106154                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               421157                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              276523                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars                70                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           145998                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts          983697                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        10712                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        10509                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            3536746                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           2515067                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 40084                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                254049                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts            941312                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1106154                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total       941312                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.739523                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.739523                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.365027                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.365027                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        5796567                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1365170                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1481488                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          140                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         150599                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       122970                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16292                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        63218                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          56984                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          14906                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          724                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1454362                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts               889028                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            150599                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches        71890                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              182235                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         51157                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       159572                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines           91151                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16256                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      1830457                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.590563                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.940848                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        1648222     90.04%     90.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1           9552      0.52%     90.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          15287      0.84%     91.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          23043      1.26%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4           9340      0.51%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          11150      0.61%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          12020      0.66%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7           8228      0.45%     94.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8          93615      5.11%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      1830457                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.058400                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.344752                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        1435542                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       178991                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          180761                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         1158                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        34004                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        24256                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          286                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1077349                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1098                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        34004                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        1439430                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         81040                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles        84592                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          178077                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        13311                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1074471                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          574                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         2383                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         5856                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents         2301                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      1470511                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      5006205                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      5006205                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1204528                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         265963                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          230                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          121                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           34274                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       109229                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        59874                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2969                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        11404                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1070333                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          229                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued          996424                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1910                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       167884                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       390326                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1830457                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.544358                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.231614                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1405067     76.76%     76.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       172750      9.44%     86.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        95790      5.23%     91.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        62646      3.42%     94.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        56860      3.11%     97.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        17464      0.95%     98.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12619      0.69%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4406      0.24%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2855      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1830457                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           286     12.67%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead          878     38.90%     51.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1093     48.43%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       821039     82.40%     82.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18271      1.83%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          109      0.01%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        98504      9.89%     94.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        58501      5.87%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total       996424                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.386399                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2257                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002265                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      3827472                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1238510                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       977442                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses       998681                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4706                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24059                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           65                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4164                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          773                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        34004                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         71046                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1330                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1070562                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          442                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       109229                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        59874                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          121                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents          732                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           53                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           65                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         8689                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10085                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        18774                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts       981229                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        93214                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15195                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             151589                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         133141                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            58375                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.380506                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent               977538                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count              977442                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          579578                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         1470261                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.379038                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.394201                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts       721412                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps       879746                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       191581                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          216                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        16536                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1796453                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.489713                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.333067                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1439323     80.12%     80.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       170323      9.48%     89.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        70423      3.92%     93.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        36285      2.02%     95.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        26832      1.49%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        15536      0.86%     97.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         9586      0.53%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7962      0.44%     98.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20183      1.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1796453                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts       721412                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps       879746                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               140875                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads               85165                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               108                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           122196                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts          795362                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        17166                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        20183                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            2847597                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           2176682                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 26078                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                748289                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts            721412                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps              879746                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total       721412                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     3.574582                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               3.574582                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.279753                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.279753                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        4452864                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1337026                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1020137                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          216                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         185018                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       162671                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16871                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       113290                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         110108                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12134                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          542                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1891902                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1049250                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            185018                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       122242                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              231207                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         54781                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles        71357                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          116446                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16405                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2232286                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.534286                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.797228                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2001079     89.64%     89.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          32418      1.45%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          19282      0.86%     91.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          31837      1.43%     93.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          11918      0.53%     93.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          29127      1.30%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6           5223      0.23%     95.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7           9675      0.43%     95.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8          91727      4.11%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2232286                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.071747                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.406884                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        1877101                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles        86856                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          230574                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles          285                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        37466                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        19568                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          354                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1188456                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1403                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        37466                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        1879087                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         51138                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles        29953                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          228696                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles         5942                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1185968                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents          997                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         4255                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      1572982                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      5399158                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      5399158                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1241345                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         331630                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          169                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts           84                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           15972                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       199522                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        37617                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads          373                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores         8478                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1177553                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          168                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1091198                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1185                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       233978                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       495360                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2232286                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.488825                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.115878                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1758298     78.77%     78.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       155561      6.97%     85.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       148325      6.64%     92.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        88924      3.98%     96.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        51044      2.29%     98.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        13800      0.62%     99.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15624      0.70%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          385      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          325      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2232286                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2187     59.35%     59.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     59.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     59.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     59.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     59.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     59.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     59.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     59.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     59.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     59.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     59.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     59.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead          826     22.42%     81.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          672     18.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       865056     79.28%     79.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9333      0.86%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           85      0.01%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       179577     16.46%     96.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        37147      3.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1091198                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.423151                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3685                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003377                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4419552                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1411709                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1060201                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1094883                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1005                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        45471                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           10                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1278                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        37466                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         45488                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles          777                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1177721                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           51                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       199522                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        37617                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           84                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents          439                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           22                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           10                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9901                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7983                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        17884                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1074301                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       176116                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16897                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             213251                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         161148                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            37135                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.416598                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1060649                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1060201                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          638784                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         1453983                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.411130                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.439334                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts       825165                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps       941215                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       236535                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          168                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        16601                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2194820                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.428835                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.285685                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1837422     83.72%     83.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       144937      6.60%     90.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        88096      4.01%     94.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        29133      1.33%     95.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45221      2.06%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         9861      0.45%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6492      0.30%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5718      0.26%     98.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27940      1.27%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2194820                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts       825165                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps       941215                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               190385                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              154048                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars                84                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           143131                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts          826331                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        12910                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        27940                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            3344630                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           2392997                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 43038                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                346460                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts            825165                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps              941215                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total       825165                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     3.125128                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               3.125128                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.319987                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.319987                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        4967026                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1398121                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1234506                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          168                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         184938                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       162627                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16941                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       113261                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         110167                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12103                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          537                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1893174                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1049295                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            184938                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       122270                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              231271                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         54980                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles        64718                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          116548                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16482                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2227112                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.535505                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.798905                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        1995841     89.62%     89.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          32435      1.46%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          19348      0.87%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          31776      1.43%     93.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          11987      0.54%     93.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          29152      1.31%     95.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6           5240      0.24%     95.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7           9642      0.43%     95.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8          91691      4.12%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2227112                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.071716                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.406901                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        1878524                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles        80057                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          230652                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles          278                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        37597                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        19540                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          352                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1188490                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1395                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        37597                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        1880512                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         50763                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles        23634                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          228750                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles         5852                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1186028                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         1011                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         4133                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      1572847                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      5399814                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      5399814                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1240326                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         332499                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          169                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts           84                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           15687                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       199540                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        37547                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads          355                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores         8462                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1177506                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          168                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1090748                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1199                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       234680                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       497444                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2227112                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.489759                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.116746                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1753374     78.73%     78.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       155443      6.98%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       148196      6.65%     92.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        88926      3.99%     96.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        51066      2.29%     98.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        13799      0.62%     99.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15600      0.70%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          388      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          320      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2227112                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2196     59.53%     59.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     59.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     59.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     59.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     59.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     59.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     59.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     59.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     59.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     59.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     59.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     59.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead          823     22.31%     81.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          670     18.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       864770     79.28%     79.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9311      0.85%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           85      0.01%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       179481     16.45%     96.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        37101      3.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1090748                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.422976                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3689                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003382                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4413495                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1412364                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1059665                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1094437                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1026                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        45568                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           10                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1267                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        37597                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         45080                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles          757                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1177674                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           57                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       199540                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        37547                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           84                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents          424                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           23                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           10                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9970                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8003                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        17973                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1073677                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       175975                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17070                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             213064                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         160997                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            37089                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.416356                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1060082                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1059665                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          638329                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         1453691                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.410923                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.439109                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts       824590                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps       940472                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       237241                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          168                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        16673                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2189515                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.429534                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.286641                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1832483     83.69%     83.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       144754      6.61%     90.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        87941      4.02%     94.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        29084      1.33%     95.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45296      2.07%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         9869      0.45%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6476      0.30%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5697      0.26%     98.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27915      1.27%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2189515                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts       824590                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps       940472                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               190252                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              153972                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars                84                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           143027                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts          825657                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        12892                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        27915                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            3339313                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           2393050                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 43070                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                351634                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts            824590                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps              940472                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total       824590                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     3.127307                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               3.127307                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.319764                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.319764                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        4964379                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1397131                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1234463                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          168                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         183618                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       161441                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16850                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       112474                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         109670                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12062                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          568                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1880809                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1041388                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            183618                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       121732                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              229632                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         54685                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles        67462                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          115862                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16394                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2215649                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.533846                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.795723                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        1986017     89.64%     89.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          32364      1.46%     91.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          19041      0.86%     91.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          31747      1.43%     93.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          11893      0.54%     93.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          29147      1.32%     95.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6           5090      0.23%     95.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7           9519      0.43%     95.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8          90831      4.10%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2215649                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.071204                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.403835                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        1866428                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles        82531                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          229008                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles          278                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        37400                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        19367                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          346                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1178719                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1376                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        37400                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        1868362                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         48118                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        28810                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          227172                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles         5783                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1176307                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         1014                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         4110                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      1558692                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      5353757                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      5353757                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1228991                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         329701                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          166                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts           82                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           15465                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       198899                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        37141                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads          244                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores         8355                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1168014                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          164                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1081630                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1085                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       233140                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       494578                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2215649                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.488178                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.114584                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1745724     78.79%     78.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       153703      6.94%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       147732      6.67%     92.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        88271      3.98%     96.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        50557      2.28%     98.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        13598      0.61%     99.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15347      0.69%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          386      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          331      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2215649                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2150     59.23%     59.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     59.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     59.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     59.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     59.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     59.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     59.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     59.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     59.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     59.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     59.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     59.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead          816     22.48%     81.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          664     18.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       856877     79.22%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9234      0.85%     80.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     80.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     80.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     80.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     80.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     80.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     80.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           84      0.01%     80.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       178772     16.53%     96.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        36663      3.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1081630                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.419440                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3630                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003356                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4383624                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1401327                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1050962                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1085260                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1036                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        45649                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            9                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1325                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        37400                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         42663                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles          760                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1168178                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           68                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       198899                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        37141                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           82                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents          421                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           25                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            9                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9899                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7984                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        17883                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1065055                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       175473                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16575                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             212126                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         160015                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            36653                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.413013                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1051464                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1050962                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          633371                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         1437568                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.407548                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.440585                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts       817980                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps       932401                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       235825                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          164                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        16586                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2178249                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.428051                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.285157                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1824512     83.76%     83.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       143242      6.58%     90.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        87337      4.01%     94.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        28646      1.32%     95.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44940      2.06%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         9797      0.45%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6385      0.29%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5628      0.26%     98.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27762      1.27%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2178249                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts       817980                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps       932401                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               189066                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              153250                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           141880                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts          818387                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        12734                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        27762                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            3318713                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           2373873                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 43076                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                363097                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts            817980                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps              932401                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total       817980                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     3.152578                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               3.152578                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.317201                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.317201                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        4925181                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1384518                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1225706                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         170781                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       153855                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        10739                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        63705                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          58830                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9185                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          484                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1796426                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1071361                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            170781                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches        68015                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              211074                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         34309                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       308577                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          104780                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        10596                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2339406                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.538161                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.836729                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2128332     90.98%     90.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1           7391      0.32%     91.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          15206      0.65%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3           6347      0.27%     92.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          34439      1.47%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          31220      1.33%     95.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6           5524      0.24%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          12443      0.53%     95.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8          98504      4.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2339406                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.066226                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.415458                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        1774906                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       330531                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          210098                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles          742                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        23123                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        14996                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          206                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1255762                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1268                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        23123                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        1778094                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        297865                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles        23555                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          207976                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles         8787                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1253796                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         4063                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         3126                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents           86                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      1478600                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      5899356                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      5899356                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1271205                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         207383                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          149                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts           79                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           23071                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       293549                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       146957                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1296                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores         7086                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1248675                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          149                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1187296                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          971                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       119932                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       296822                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2339406                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.507520                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.295631                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1912451     81.75%     81.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       130440      5.58%     87.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       105306      4.50%     91.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        46079      1.97%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        57486      2.46%     96.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        53375      2.28%     98.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        30179      1.29%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2606      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1484      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2339406                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2959     11.37%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        22374     85.96%     97.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          694      2.67%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       746946     62.91%     62.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10298      0.87%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           70      0.01%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       283635     23.89%     87.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       146347     12.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1187296                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.460416                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26027                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.021921                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4740996                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1368807                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1174836                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1213323                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1967                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15316                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           51                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1468                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          102                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        23123                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        291438                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2711                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1248824                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           13                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       293549                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       146957                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           79                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1652                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           51                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         5422                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6882                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        12304                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1177440                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       282523                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         9856                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             428843                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         153792                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           146320                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.456594                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1174939                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1174836                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          635970                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         1258527                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.455584                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.505329                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts       945061                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1110413                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       138526                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          140                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        10735                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2316283                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.479394                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.292933                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1911258     82.51%     82.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       149483      6.45%     88.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        69215      2.99%     91.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        68342      2.95%     94.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        19060      0.82%     95.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        77824      3.36%     99.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6181      0.27%     99.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4332      0.19%     99.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        10588      0.46%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2316283                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts       945061                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1110413                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               423715                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              278226                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars                70                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           146508                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts          987446                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        10712                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        10588                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            3554634                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           2521021                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 39714                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                239340                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts            945061                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1110413                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total       945061                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.728656                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.728656                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.366481                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.366481                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        5815515                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1367897                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1487065                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          140                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2578714                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         171706                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       154720                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        10820                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        67943                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          59267                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9182                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          503                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1806253                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1077974                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            171706                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches        68449                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              212436                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         34713                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       280810                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          105404                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        10686                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2323145                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.545275                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.847616                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2110709     90.86%     90.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1           7467      0.32%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          15326      0.66%     91.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3           6332      0.27%     92.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          34701      1.49%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          31426      1.35%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6           5671      0.24%     95.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          12427      0.53%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8          99086      4.27%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2323145                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.066586                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.418028                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        1785357                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       302145                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          211437                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles          763                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        23437                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        15043                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1263478                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1277                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        23437                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        1788504                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        266722                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles        26395                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          209366                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles         8715                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1261320                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           37                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         3997                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         3125                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents          144                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      1486534                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      5935791                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      5935791                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1276278                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         210150                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          151                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts           81                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           22913                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       296085                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       148197                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1395                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores         7096                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1256228                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          151                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1193453                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1055                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       121797                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       303045                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2323145                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.513723                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302730                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1894087     81.53%     81.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       130740      5.63%     87.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       106889      4.60%     91.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        45625      1.96%     93.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        57124      2.46%     96.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        54039      2.33%     98.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        30604      1.32%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2551      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1486      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2323145                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2962     11.22%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        22743     86.13%     97.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          699      2.65%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       749713     62.82%     62.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10357      0.87%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           70      0.01%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       285843     23.95%     87.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       147470     12.36%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1193453                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.462809                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26404                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022124                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4737510                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1378225                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1181186                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1219857                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2038                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15743                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           49                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1636                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          105                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        23437                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        260293                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2624                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1256379                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           39                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       296085                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       148197                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           81                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1587                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            9                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           49                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         5481                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6874                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        12355                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1183732                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       284750                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         9721                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             432185                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         154577                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           147435                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.459040                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1181295                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1181186                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          639305                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         1263462                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.458052                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.505995                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts       949870                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1115867                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       140530                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          140                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        10820                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2299708                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.485221                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.299452                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1892858     82.31%     82.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       149795      6.51%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        69818      3.04%     91.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        68726      2.99%     94.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        18793      0.82%     95.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        78646      3.42%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6211      0.27%     99.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4298      0.19%     99.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        10563      0.46%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2299708                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts       949870                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1115867                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               426892                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              280334                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars                70                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           147137                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts          992277                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        10715                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        10563                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            3545542                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           2536327                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 40310                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                255569                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts            949870                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1115867                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total       949870                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.714807                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.714807                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.368350                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.368350                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        5849153                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1374146                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1497085                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          140                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         185678                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       163210                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17016                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       113582                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         110441                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12196                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          544                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1900180                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1053311                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            185678                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       122637                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              232172                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         55199                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles        63425                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          116982                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16553                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2233870                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.536145                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.800073                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2001698     89.61%     89.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          32522      1.46%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          19453      0.87%     91.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          31842      1.43%     93.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          12064      0.54%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          29206      1.31%     95.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6           5270      0.24%     95.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7           9701      0.43%     95.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8          92114      4.12%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2233870                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.072003                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.408459                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        1885476                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles        78824                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          231547                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles          280                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        37739                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        19679                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          354                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1193506                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1396                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        37739                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        1887469                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         47855                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        25280                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          229639                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles         5884                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1191047                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         1027                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         4149                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      1579702                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      5423338                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      5423338                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1245935                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         333767                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          170                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts           84                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           15791                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       200041                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        37835                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads          355                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores         8528                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1182488                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          168                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1095401                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1198                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       235508                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       499314                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2233870                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.490360                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.117482                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1758126     78.70%     78.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       156263      7.00%     85.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       148624      6.65%     92.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        89249      4.00%     96.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        51333      2.30%     98.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        13876      0.62%     99.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15685      0.70%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          391      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          323      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2233870                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2210     59.47%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead          829     22.31%     81.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          677     18.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       868628     79.30%     79.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9367      0.86%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           86      0.01%     80.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       179934     16.43%     96.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        37386      3.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1095401                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.424780                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3716                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003392                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4429586                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1418174                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1064199                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1099117                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1036                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        45671                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           10                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1279                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        37739                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         42148                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles          763                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1182656                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           57                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       200041                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        37835                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           84                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents          430                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           23                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           10                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10008                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8045                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        18053                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1078236                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       176404                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17165                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             213778                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         161656                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            37374                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.418124                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1064616                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1064199                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          640909                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         1460999                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.412681                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.438679                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts       827873                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps       944606                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       238094                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          168                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        16746                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2196131                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430123                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.287192                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1837381     83.66%     83.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       145569      6.63%     90.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        88306      4.02%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        29239      1.33%     95.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45447      2.07%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         9939      0.45%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6519      0.30%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5737      0.26%     98.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27994      1.27%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2196131                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts       827873                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps       944606                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               190926                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              154370                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars                84                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           143631                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts          829402                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        12992                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        27994                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3350837                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           2403161                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 43207                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                344876                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts            827873                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps              944606                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total       827873                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     3.114905                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               3.114905                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.321037                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.321037                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        4984942                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1403236                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1239090                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          168                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         200496                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       163956                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21361                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        80313                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits          76410                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20210                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          956                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1924536                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1121764                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            200496                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches        96620                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              232593                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         58981                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       103248                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          119307                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21235                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2297755                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599366                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.939538                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2065162     89.88%     89.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          10800      0.47%     90.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          16673      0.73%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          22679      0.99%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          23849      1.04%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          20280      0.88%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          10593      0.46%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          17093      0.74%     95.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         110626      4.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2297755                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.077749                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.435004                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        1904971                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       123254                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          232025                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          355                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        37146                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        32903                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          208                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1374027                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1270                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        37146                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        1910525                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         20580                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        90279                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          226826                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        12395                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1372909                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         1775                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         5354                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      1917401                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      6380826                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      6380826                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1633019                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         284340                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          330                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          170                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           38756                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       128986                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        68749                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads          826                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        31844                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1370396                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          332                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1292791                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          285                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       167019                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       404117                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2297755                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.562632                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.248221                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1738703     75.67%     75.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       239271     10.41%     86.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119348      5.19%     91.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        81125      3.53%     94.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64342      2.80%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27084      1.18%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17756      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         8883      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1243      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2297755                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           279     12.06%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead          855     36.96%     49.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1179     50.97%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1088167     84.17%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19178      1.48%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          160      0.01%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       116812      9.04%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        68474      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1292791                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.501325                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2313                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001789                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4885932                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1537763                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1271267                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1295104                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2771                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22894                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           17                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1277                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        37146                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         17644                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1149                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1370735                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            9                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       128986                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        68749                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          170                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents          963                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           17                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11533                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12667                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        24200                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1273364                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       110032                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19424                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             178491                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         180645                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            68459                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.493792                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1271334                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1271267                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          730875                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         1968212                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.492979                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.371340                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts       951751                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1171065                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       199667                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          325                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        21406                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2260609                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518031                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344301                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1769258     78.26%     78.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       248923     11.01%     89.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        88895      3.93%     93.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        42547      1.88%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        42790      1.89%     96.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21238      0.94%     97.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14056      0.62%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8191      0.36%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24711      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2260609                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts       951751                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1171065                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               173564                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              106092                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               162                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           168834                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         1055118                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        24102                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        24711                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            3606617                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           2778631                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 31012                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                280991                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts            951751                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1171065                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total       951751                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.709475                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.709475                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.369075                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.369075                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        5727678                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1773284                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1273697                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          324                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         171040                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       154121                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        10803                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        64144                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          59070                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9185                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          495                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1798855                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1072544                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            171040                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches        68255                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              211435                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         34507                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       294318                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          104955                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        10649                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2328071                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.541419                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.841521                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2116636     90.92%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1           7470      0.32%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          15226      0.65%     91.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3           6338      0.27%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          34564      1.48%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          31239      1.34%     94.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6           5666      0.24%     95.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          12377      0.53%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8          98555      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2328071                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.066327                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.415917                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        1780041                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       313572                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          210450                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          745                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        23257                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        14994                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          206                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1257236                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1268                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        23257                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        1783059                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        281403                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        23506                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          208428                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles         8412                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1255217                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         3804                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         3029                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents           85                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      1479801                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      5906300                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      5906300                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1271820                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         207975                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          149                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts           79                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           22043                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       293971                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       147137                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1340                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores         7085                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1250000                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          149                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1188066                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1025                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       120368                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       299494                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2328071                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.510322                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.299680                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1901185     81.66%     81.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       130549      5.61%     87.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       105438      4.53%     91.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        45349      1.95%     93.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        57141      2.45%     96.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        53961      2.32%     98.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        30394      1.31%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2571      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1483      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2328071                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2975     11.31%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        22642     86.08%     97.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          686      2.61%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       747257     62.90%     62.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10277      0.87%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           70      0.01%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       283977     23.90%     87.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       146485     12.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1188066                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.460715                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26303                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022139                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4731531                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1370568                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1175662                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1214369                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1919                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15475                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           51                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1513                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          103                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        23257                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        275542                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2422                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1250149                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           28                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       293971                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       147137                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           79                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1508                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           51                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         5524                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6831                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        12355                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1178293                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       282812                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         9773                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             429272                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         153860                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           146460                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.456925                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1175766                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1175662                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          636234                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         1258987                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.455905                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.505354                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts       945646                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1111079                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       139183                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          140                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        10799                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2304814                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.482069                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.296089                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1899706     82.42%     82.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       149267      6.48%     88.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        69464      3.01%     91.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        68398      2.97%     94.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        18693      0.81%     95.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        78246      3.39%     99.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6164      0.27%     99.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4304      0.19%     99.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        10572      0.46%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2304814                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts       945646                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1111079                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               424112                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              278493                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars                70                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           146589                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts          988031                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        10712                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        10572                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            3544504                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           2523799                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 40066                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                250675                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts            945646                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1111079                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total       945646                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.726968                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.726968                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.366708                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.366708                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        5820229                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1368528                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1488643                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          140                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         184251                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       161952                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16918                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       112716                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         109906                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12132                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          569                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1886523                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1044852                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            184251                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       122038                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              230402                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         54886                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles        64342                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          116221                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16459                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2219146                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.534936                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.797530                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        1988744     89.62%     89.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          32436      1.46%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          19128      0.86%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          31805      1.43%     93.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          11975      0.54%     93.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          29194      1.32%     95.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6           5114      0.23%     95.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7           9561      0.43%     95.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8          91189      4.11%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2219146                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.071450                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.405178                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        1872114                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles        79441                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          229779                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles          276                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        37532                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        19480                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          347                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1182992                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1382                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        37532                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        1874046                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         46377                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles        27464                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          227939                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles         5784                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1180592                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         1017                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         4107                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      1564785                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      5373731                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      5373731                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1233799                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         330983                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          166                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts           82                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           15503                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       199299                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        37334                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads          243                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores         8412                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1172258                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          164                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1085577                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1090                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       233934                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       496270                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2219146                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.489187                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.115715                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1747547     78.75%     78.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       154368      6.96%     85.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       148100      6.67%     92.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        88534      3.99%     96.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        50783      2.29%     98.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        13664      0.62%     99.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15429      0.70%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          387      0.02%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          334      0.02%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2219146                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2164     59.29%     59.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     59.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     59.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     59.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     59.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     59.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     59.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     59.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     59.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     59.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     59.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     59.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead          819     22.44%     81.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          667     18.27%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       860211     79.24%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9302      0.86%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           84      0.01%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       179128     16.50%     96.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        36852      3.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1085577                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.420971                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3650                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003362                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4395040                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1406365                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1054774                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1089227                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1036                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        45746                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            9                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1329                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        37532                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         40906                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles          764                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1172422                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           64                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       199299                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        37334                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           82                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents          425                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           25                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            9                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9937                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8018                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        17955                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1068896                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       175809                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16681                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             212651                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         160559                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            36842                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.414502                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1055273                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1054774                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          635622                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         1443905                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.409026                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.440210                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts       820756                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps       935834                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       236632                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          164                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        16653                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2181614                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.428964                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.286175                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1826454     83.72%     83.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       143906      6.60%     90.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        87655      4.02%     94.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        28765      1.32%     95.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45068      2.07%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         9861      0.45%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6415      0.29%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5664      0.26%     98.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27826      1.28%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2181614                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts       820756                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps       935834                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               189556                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              153553                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           142377                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts          821485                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        12811                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        27826                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3326254                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           2382489                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 43193                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                359600                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts            820756                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps              935834                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total       820756                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     3.141916                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               3.141916                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.318277                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.318277                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        4942398                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1389894                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1229591                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         201258                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       164566                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21437                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        80628                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          76722                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20291                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          959                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1931886                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1125849                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            201258                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches        97013                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              233457                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         59180                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles        87544                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          119757                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21311                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2290388                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.603510                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.945534                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2056931     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          10833      0.47%     90.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          16730      0.73%     91.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          22771      0.99%     92.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          23944      1.05%     93.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          20358      0.89%     93.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          10647      0.46%     94.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          17174      0.75%     95.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         111000      4.85%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2290388                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.078045                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.436588                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        1912262                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       107611                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          232887                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles          355                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        37269                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        33037                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          208                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1379091                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1270                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        37269                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        1917837                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         22344                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles        72818                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          227668                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        12448                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1377985                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         1779                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         5379                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      1924334                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      6404419                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      6404419                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1639056                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         285278                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          331                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          170                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           38903                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       129481                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        69023                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads          829                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        31974                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1375485                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          332                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1297647                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          285                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       167588                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       405384                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2290388                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566562                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.251715                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1729265     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       240139     10.48%     85.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119790      5.23%     91.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        81425      3.56%     94.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64595      2.82%     97.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27187      1.19%     98.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17819      0.78%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         8920      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1248      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2290388                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           278     11.99%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead          857     36.97%     48.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1183     51.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1092223     84.17%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19242      1.48%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          161      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       117273      9.04%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        68748      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1297647                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.503209                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2318                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001786                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4888285                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1543421                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1276046                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1299965                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2771                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22967                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           17                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1281                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        37269                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         19409                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1145                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1375824                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            9                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       129481                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69023                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          170                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents          959                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           17                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11569                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12713                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        24282                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1278154                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       110465                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19493                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             179198                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         181343                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            68733                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.495649                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1276113                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1276046                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          733563                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         1975491                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.494832                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.371332                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts       955293                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1175492                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       200337                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          325                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        21482                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2253119                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.521718                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.348398                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1759939     78.11%     78.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       249837     11.09%     89.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        89220      3.96%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        42712      1.90%     95.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        42949      1.91%     96.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21323      0.95%     97.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14111      0.63%     98.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8222      0.36%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24806      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2253119                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts       955293                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1175492                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               174256                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              106514                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               162                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           169494                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1059109                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        24203                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        24806                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            3604129                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           2788932                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 31123                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                288358                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts            955293                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1175492                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total       955293                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.699429                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.699429                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.370449                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.370449                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        5749233                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1779803                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1278382                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          324                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2576230                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         150457                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       122803                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16297                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        63064                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits          56904                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          14930                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          726                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1455075                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts               888615                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            150457                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches        71834                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              182297                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         51138                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       150246                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines           91200                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16265                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      1821877                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.593192                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944522                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        1639580     89.99%     89.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1           9629      0.53%     90.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          15332      0.84%     91.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          22988      1.26%     92.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4           9385      0.52%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          11141      0.61%     93.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          12045      0.66%     94.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7           8266      0.45%     94.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8          93511      5.13%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      1821877                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.058402                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.344928                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        1436629                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       169295                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          180893                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         1084                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        33975                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        24271                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          286                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1077109                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1098                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        33975                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        1440439                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         56474                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       101394                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          178223                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        11369                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1074116                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          489                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         2076                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         5756                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents          839                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      1470164                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      5004883                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      5004883                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1203967                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         265983                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          232                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          123                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           33323                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       109266                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        59917                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2898                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        11404                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1069850                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          231                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued          996212                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1873                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       168229                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       389875                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1821877                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.546805                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.234249                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1396835     76.67%     76.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       172437      9.46%     86.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        95684      5.25%     91.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        62803      3.45%     94.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        56645      3.11%     97.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        17564      0.96%     98.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12620      0.69%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4434      0.24%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2855      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1821877                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           292     12.58%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead          930     40.07%     52.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1099     47.35%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       820645     82.38%     82.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18259      1.83%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          109      0.01%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        98716      9.91%     94.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        58483      5.87%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total       996212                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.386694                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2321                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002330                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      3818495                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1238374                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       977328                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses       998533                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4698                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24155                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           65                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4275                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          784                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        33975                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         50869                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1234                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1070081                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          458                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       109266                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        59917                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          123                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents          671                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           44                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           65                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         8676                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10119                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        18795                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts       981234                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        93399                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        14978                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             151761                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         133155                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            58362                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.380880                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent               977428                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count              977328                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          579095                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         1468450                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.379364                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.394358                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts       720943                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps       879233                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       191468                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          216                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        16546                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1787902                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.491768                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.335750                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1430994     80.04%     80.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       170158      9.52%     89.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        70548      3.95%     93.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        36254      2.03%     95.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        26720      1.49%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        15468      0.87%     97.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         9575      0.54%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7933      0.44%     98.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20252      1.13%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1787902                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts       720943                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps       879233                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               140724                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads               85090                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               108                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           122158                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts          794876                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        17161                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        20252                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            2838351                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2175575                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 26159                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                754353                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts            720943                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps              879233                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total       720943                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     3.573417                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               3.573417                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.279844                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.279844                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        4452762                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1336927                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1019781                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          216                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         194729                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       159597                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20812                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        80373                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          74084                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19658                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          921                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1861938                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1112681                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            194729                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches        93742                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              243403                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         60036                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       141479                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          116405                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20706                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2285619                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.596120                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.941557                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2042216     89.35%     89.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          25852      1.13%     90.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          30047      1.31%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          16523      0.72%     92.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          18707      0.82%     93.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          10726      0.47%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6           7355      0.32%     94.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          19144      0.84%     94.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         115049      5.03%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2285619                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.075513                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.431481                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        1846292                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       157675                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          241079                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         2108                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        38461                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        31545                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          338                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1358167                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1823                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        38461                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        1849715                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         16321                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       132516                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          239668                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles         8934                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1356380                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         1822                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         4345                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      1886841                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      6312614                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      6312614                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1579085                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         307739                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          340                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          186                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           26034                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       130241                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        69413                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1633                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        15232                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1352329                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          340                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1268864                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1806                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       187192                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       437252                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           32                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2285619                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.555151                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.250249                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1752814     76.69%     76.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       213371      9.34%     86.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       115332      5.05%     91.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        79230      3.47%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        70189      3.07%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        35804      1.57%     99.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9000      0.39%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5669      0.25%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4210      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2285619                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           328     11.35%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1296     44.84%     56.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1266     43.81%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1063006     83.78%     83.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19720      1.55%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          154      0.01%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       117093      9.23%     94.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        68891      5.43%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1268864                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.492047                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2890                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002278                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4828042                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1539896                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1245688                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1271754                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3165                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25747                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           35                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1835                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           77                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          110                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        38461                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         12049                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles          972                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1352672                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          429                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       130241                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69413                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          186                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents          676                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           35                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11298                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12171                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        23469                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1248510                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       109603                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20353                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             178464                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         173744                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            68861                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.484154                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1245763                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1245688                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          741538                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         1945167                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.483060                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.381221                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts       926882                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1137280                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       215392                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          308                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        20768                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2247158                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506097                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323040                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1782790     79.34%     79.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       215420      9.59%     88.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90239      4.02%     92.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        53965      2.40%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37356      1.66%     97.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        24371      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12939      0.58%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10050      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20028      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2247158                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts       926882                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1137280                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               172072                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              104494                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               154                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           162742                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         1025359                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        23154                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        20028                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            3579802                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           2743819                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 30482                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                293127                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts            926882                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1137280                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total       926882                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.782173                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.782173                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.359431                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.359431                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        5629925                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1731747                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1264907                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          308                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                           98                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2046.880725                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         132009                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         2145                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        61.542657                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          41.880725                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    16.741531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data    38.134612                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1950.123857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.008175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.018620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.952209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          268                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                   270                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks             79                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                  79                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                    273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          271                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                   273                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           72                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                  98                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data           72                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                   98                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data           72                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                  98                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     79997474                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     73279811                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     153277285                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     79997474                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     73279811                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total      153277285                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     79997474                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     73279811                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total     153277285                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total               368                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           79                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total              79                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total                371                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total               371                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.211765                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.266304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.209913                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.264151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.209913                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.264151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 3076825.923077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1017775.152778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1564053.928571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 3076825.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1017775.152778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1564053.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 3076825.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1017775.152778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1564053.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                 51                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                      51                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           72                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             98                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           72                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total              98                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           72                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total             98                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     77714674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     66957941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    144672615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     77714674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     66957941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    144672615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     77714674                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     66957941                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    144672615                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.211765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.266304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.209913                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264151                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.209913                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2989025.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 929971.402778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1476251.173469                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2989025.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 929971.402778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1476251.173469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2989025.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 929971.402778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1476251.173469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                          147                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.422218                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         135156                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         2195                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        61.574487                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          96.837014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    14.594358                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data    72.025862                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1863.964984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.047284                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.007126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.035169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.910139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          329                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                   329                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks            171                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                 171                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          329                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                    329                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          329                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                   329                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          133                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                 148                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                  148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          133                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                 148                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     11664411                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    105605397                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     117269808                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     11664411                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    105605397                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total      117269808                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     11664411                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    105605397                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total     117269808                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          462                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total               477                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          171                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total             171                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total                477                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total               477                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.287879                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.310273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.287879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.310273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.287879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.310273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 777627.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 794025.541353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 792363.567568                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 777627.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 794025.541353                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 792363.567568                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 777627.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 794025.541353                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 792363.567568                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                 93                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                      93                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total             148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total            148                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     10346871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     94015028                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    104361899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     10346871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     94015028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    104361899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     10346871                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     94015028                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    104361899                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.287879                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.310273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.287879                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.310273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.287879                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.310273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 689791.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 706879.909774                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 705147.966216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 689791.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 706879.909774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 705147.966216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 689791.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 706879.909774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 705147.966216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                          374                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         113266                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         2422                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        46.765483                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.588975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    13.393687                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   174.631601                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1854.385737                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.006540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.085269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.905462                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          344                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                   344                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks            112                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                 112                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          344                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                    344                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          344                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                   344                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          360                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                 374                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          360                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                  374                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          360                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                 374                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     11062058                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    343175303                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     354237361                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     11062058                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    343175303                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total      354237361                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     11062058                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    343175303                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total     354237361                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          704                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total               718                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          112                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total             112                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total                718                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total               718                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.511364                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.520891                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.511364                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.520891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.511364                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.520891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       790147                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 953264.730556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 947158.719251                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       790147                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 953264.730556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 947158.719251                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       790147                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 953264.730556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 947158.719251                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                 76                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                      76                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total             374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          360                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total            374                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      9832858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    311567303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    321400161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      9832858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    311567303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    321400161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      9832858                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    311567303                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    321400161                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.511364                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.520891                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.511364                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.520891                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.511364                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.520891                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       702347                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 865464.730556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 859358.719251                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       702347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 865464.730556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 859358.719251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       702347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 865464.730556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 859358.719251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                          497                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2044.960024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                          86607                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         2542                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        34.070417                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks         113.916842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    12.299827                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   218.511416                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1700.231939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.055623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.006006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.106695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.830191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.998516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          309                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                   309                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks            356                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                 356                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                    309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          309                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                   309                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          440                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                 453                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           39                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::total                39                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          479                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                  492                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          479                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                 492                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     12451461                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    458359176                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     470810637                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     32326915                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     32326915                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     12451461                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    490686091                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total      503137552                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     12451461                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    490686091                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total     503137552                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          749                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total               762                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          356                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total             356                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           39                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total              39                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total                801                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total               801                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.587450                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.594488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.607868                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.614232                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.607868                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.614232                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 957804.692308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1041725.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1039317.079470                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 828895.256410                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 828895.256410                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 957804.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1024396.849687                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1022637.300813                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 957804.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1024396.849687                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1022637.300813                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                266                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                     266                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           39                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total             492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          479                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total            492                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     11309468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    419717745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    431027213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     28900729                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28900729                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     11309468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    448618474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    459927942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     11309468                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    448618474                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    459927942                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.587450                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.594488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.607868                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.614232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.607868                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.614232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 869959.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 953903.965909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 951494.951435                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 741044.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 741044.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 869959.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 936573.014614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 934812.890244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 869959.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 936573.014614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 934812.890244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                          186                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.972678                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                          51308                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         2234                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        22.966876                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.972678                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    12.246245                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data    98.838442                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1902.915313                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.005980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.048261                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.929158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          290                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                   290                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks             45                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                  45                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          290                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                    290                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          290                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                   290                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                 186                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                  186                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          173                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                 186                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     10051979                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    129377091                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     139429070                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     10051979                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    129377091                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total      139429070                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     10051979                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    129377091                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total     139429070                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          463                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total               476                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           45                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total              45                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total                476                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total               476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.373650                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.390756                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.373650                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.390756                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.373650                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.390756                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 773229.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 747844.456647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 749618.655914                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 773229.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 747844.456647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 749618.655914                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 773229.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 747844.456647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 749618.655914                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                 26                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                      26                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total             186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total            186                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8909580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    114184811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    123094391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8909580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    114184811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    123094391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8909580                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    114184811                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    123094391                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.373650                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.390756                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.373650                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.390756                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.373650                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.390756                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 685352.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 660027.809249                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 661797.801075                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 685352.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 660027.809249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 661797.801075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 685352.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 660027.809249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 661797.801075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                          186                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.971457                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                          51307                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         2234                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        22.966428                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.971457                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    12.233808                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data    98.191203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1903.574989                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.005974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.047945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.929480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          289                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                   289                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks             45                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                  45                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                    289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          289                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                   289                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                 186                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                  186                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          173                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                 186                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     10873696                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    129493348                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     140367044                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     10873696                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    129493348                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total      140367044                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     10873696                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    129493348                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total     140367044                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          462                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total               475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           45                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total              45                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total                475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total               475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.374459                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.391579                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.374459                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.391579                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.374459                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.391579                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 836438.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 748516.462428                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 754661.526882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 836438.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 748516.462428                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 754661.526882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 836438.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 748516.462428                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 754661.526882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                 26                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                      26                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total             186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total            186                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      9732296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    114303948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    124036244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      9732296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    114303948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    124036244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      9732296                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    114303948                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    124036244                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.374459                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.391579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.374459                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.391579                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.374459                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.391579                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 748638.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 660716.462428                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 666861.526882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 748638.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 660716.462428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 666861.526882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 748638.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 660716.462428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 666861.526882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                          184                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.972006                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                          51303                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         2232                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        22.985215                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.972006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    12.252216                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data    97.525969                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1904.221815                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.005983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.047620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.929796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                   285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks             45                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                  45                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                    285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          285                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                   285                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          171                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                 184                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          171                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                  184                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          171                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                 184                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     11839458                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    132900711                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     144740169                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     11839458                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    132900711                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total      144740169                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     11839458                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    132900711                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total     144740169                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          456                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total               469                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           45                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total              45                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total                469                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total               469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.392324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.392324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.392324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 910727.538462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 777197.140351                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 786631.353261                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 910727.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 777197.140351                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 786631.353261                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 910727.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 777197.140351                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 786631.353261                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                 26                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                      26                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total             184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          171                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total            184                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     10698058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    117877208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    128575266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     10698058                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    117877208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    128575266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     10698058                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    117877208                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    128575266                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.375000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.392324                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.375000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.392324                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.375000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.392324                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 822927.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 689340.397661                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 698778.619565                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 822927.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 689340.397661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 698778.619565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 822927.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 689340.397661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 698778.619565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                          376                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         113267                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         2424                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        46.727310                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.584427                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    12.546393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   175.867114                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1854.002067                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.006126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.085873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.905274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          345                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                   345                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks            112                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                 112                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          345                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                    345                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          345                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                   345                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          363                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                 376                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          363                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                  376                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          363                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                 376                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     12389812                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    355890463                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     368280275                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     12389812                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    355890463                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total      368280275                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     12389812                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    355890463                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total     368280275                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          708                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total               721                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          112                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total             112                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          708                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total                721                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          708                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total               721                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.512712                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.521498                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.512712                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.521498                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.512712                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.521498                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 953062.461538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 980414.498623                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 979468.816489                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 953062.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 980414.498623                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 979468.816489                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 953062.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 980414.498623                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 979468.816489                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                 77                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                      77                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          363                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total             376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          363                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total            376                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     11248412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    324013866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    335262278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     11248412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    324013866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    335262278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     11248412                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    324013866                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    335262278                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.512712                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.521498                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.512712                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.521498                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.512712                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.521498                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 865262.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 892600.181818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 891654.994681                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 865262.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 892600.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 891654.994681                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 865262.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 892600.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 891654.994681                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                          373                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         113267                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         2421                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        46.785213                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.583848                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    13.390470                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   175.385287                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1853.640396                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.006538                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.085637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.905098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          345                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                   345                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks            112                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                 112                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          345                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                    345                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          345                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                   345                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          359                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                 373                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          359                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                  373                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          359                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                 373                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     12767352                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    335787271                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     348554623                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     12767352                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    335787271                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total      348554623                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     12767352                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    335787271                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total     348554623                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          704                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total               718                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          112                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total             112                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total                718                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total               718                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.509943                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.519499                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.509943                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.519499                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.509943                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.519499                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 911953.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 935340.587744                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 934462.796247                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 911953.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 935340.587744                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 934462.796247                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 911953.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 935340.587744                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 934462.796247                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                 76                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                      76                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total             373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          359                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total            373                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     11538152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    304265207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    315803359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     11538152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    304265207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    315803359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     11538152                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    304265207                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    315803359                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.509943                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.519499                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.509943                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.519499                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.509943                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.519499                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 824153.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 847535.395543                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 846657.798928                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 824153.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 847535.395543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 846657.798928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 824153.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 847535.395543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 846657.798928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                          186                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.971914                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                          51309                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         2234                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        22.967323                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.971914                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    12.240342                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data    98.834327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1902.925331                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.005977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.048259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.929163                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          291                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                   291                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks             45                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                  45                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          291                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                    291                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          291                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                   291                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                 186                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                  186                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          173                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                 186                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9706291                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    122691457                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     132397748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9706291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    122691457                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total      132397748                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9706291                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    122691457                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total     132397748                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          464                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total               477                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           45                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total              45                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          464                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total                477                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          464                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total               477                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.372845                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.389937                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.372845                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.389937                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.372845                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.389937                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 746637.769231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 709199.173410                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 711815.849462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 746637.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 709199.173410                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 711815.849462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 746637.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 709199.173410                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 711815.849462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                 26                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                      26                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total             186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total            186                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8557785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    107412165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    115969950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8557785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    107412165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    115969950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8557785                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    107412165                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    115969950                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.372845                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.389937                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.372845                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.389937                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.372845                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.389937                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 658291.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 620879.566474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 623494.354839                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 658291.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 620879.566474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 623494.354839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 658291.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 620879.566474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 623494.354839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                          141                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2046.551988                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         118693                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         2189                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        54.222476                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.551988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    26.279271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data    59.294549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1932.426179                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.012832                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.028952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.943567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          283                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                   284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks             91                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                  91                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                    287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          286                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                   287                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          114                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                 141                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                  141                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          114                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                 141                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     72430522                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     98569582                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     171000104                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     72430522                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     98569582                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total      171000104                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     72430522                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     98569582                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total     171000104                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total               425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           91                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total              91                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total                428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total               428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.287154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.331765                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.285000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.329439                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.285000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.329439                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2682611.925926                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 864645.456140                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1212766.695035                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2682611.925926                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 864645.456140                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1212766.695035                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2682611.925926                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 864645.456140                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1212766.695035                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                 67                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                      67                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total             141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          114                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total            141                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     70059922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     88560382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    158620304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     70059922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     88560382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    158620304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     70059922                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     88560382                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    158620304                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.287154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.331765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.285000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329439                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.285000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329439                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2594811.925926                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 776845.456140                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1124966.695035                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2594811.925926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 776845.456140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1124966.695035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2594811.925926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 776845.456140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1124966.695035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                          375                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         113267                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         2423                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        46.746595                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.586945                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    12.552593                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   175.647017                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1854.213445                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.006129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.085765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.905378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          345                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                   345                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks            112                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                 112                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          345                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                    345                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          345                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                   345                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          362                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                 375                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          362                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                  375                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          362                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                 375                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     12994649                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    343939112                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     356933761                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     12994649                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    343939112                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total      356933761                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     12994649                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    343939112                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total     356933761                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          707                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total               720                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          112                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total             112                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          707                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total                720                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          707                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total               720                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.512023                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.520833                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.512023                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.520833                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.512023                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.520833                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 999588.384615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 950108.044199                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 951823.362667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 999588.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 950108.044199                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 951823.362667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 999588.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 950108.044199                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 951823.362667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                 77                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                      77                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total             375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          362                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total            375                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     11853249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    312147559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    324000808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     11853249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    312147559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    324000808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     11853249                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    312147559                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    324000808                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.512023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.520833                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.512023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.520833                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.512023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.520833                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 911788.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 862286.074586                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 864002.154667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 911788.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 862286.074586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 864002.154667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 911788.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 862286.074586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 864002.154667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                          184                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.971792                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                          51305                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         2232                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        22.986111                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.971792                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    12.249316                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data    97.706858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1904.043825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.005981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.047708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.929709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                   287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks             45                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                  45                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                    287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          287                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                   287                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          171                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                 184                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          171                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                  184                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          171                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                 184                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     13113484                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    131805513                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     144918997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     13113484                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    131805513                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total      144918997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     13113484                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    131805513                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total     144918997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          458                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total               471                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           45                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total              45                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          458                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total                471                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          458                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total               471                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.373362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.390658                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.373362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.390658                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.373362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.390658                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1008729.538462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 770792.473684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 787603.244565                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1008729.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 770792.473684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 787603.244565                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1008729.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 770792.473684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 787603.244565                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                 26                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                      26                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total             184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          171                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total            184                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11972084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    116790926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    128763010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11972084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    116790926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    128763010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11972084                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    116790926                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    128763010                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.373362                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.390658                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.373362                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.390658                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.373362                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.390658                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 920929.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 682987.871345                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 699798.967391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 920929.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 682987.871345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 699798.967391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 920929.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 682987.871345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 699798.967391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                          141                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2046.559720                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         118693                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         2189                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        54.222476                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.559720                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    26.276339                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data    59.486113                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1932.237548                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.012830                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.029046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.943475                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          283                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                   284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks             91                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                  91                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                    287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          286                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                   287                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          114                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                 141                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                  141                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          114                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                 141                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     73194529                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     96905486                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     170100015                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     73194529                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     96905486                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total      170100015                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     73194529                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     96905486                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total     170100015                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total               425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           91                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total              91                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total                428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total               428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.287154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.331765                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.285000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.329439                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.285000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.329439                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2710908.481481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 850048.122807                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1206383.085106                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2710908.481481                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 850048.122807                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1206383.085106                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2710908.481481                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 850048.122807                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1206383.085106                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                 67                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                      67                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total             141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          114                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total            141                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     70823929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     86894995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    157718924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     70823929                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     86894995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    157718924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     70823929                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     86894995                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    157718924                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.287154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.331765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.285000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329439                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.285000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329439                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2623108.481481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 762236.798246                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1118573.929078                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2623108.481481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 762236.798246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1118573.929078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2623108.481481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 762236.798246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1118573.929078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                          487                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2045.193115                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                          86601                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         2533                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        34.189104                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks         114.958197                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    12.297327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   216.132140                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1701.805451                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.056132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.006005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.105533                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.830960                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.998629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                   308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks            352                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                 352                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          308                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                    308                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          308                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                   308                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          432                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                 445                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           40                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total                40                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          472                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                  485                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          472                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                 485                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     11730009                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    437696908                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     449426917                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     43650774                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     43650774                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     11730009                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    481347682                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total      493077691                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     11730009                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    481347682                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total     493077691                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          740                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total               753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          352                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total             352                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           40                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total              40                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          780                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total                793                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          780                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total               793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.583784                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.590969                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.605128                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.611602                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.605128                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.611602                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 902308.384615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1013187.287037                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1009948.128090                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1091269.350000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1091269.350000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 902308.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1019804.411017                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1016655.032990                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 902308.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1019804.411017                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1016655.032990                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                261                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                     261                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           40                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total             485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          472                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total            485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     10588609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    399937288                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    410525897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     40138308                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40138308                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     10588609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    440075596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    450664205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     10588609                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    440075596                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    450664205                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.583784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.590969                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.605128                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.611602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.605128                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.611602                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 814508.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 925780.759259                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 922530.105618                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1003457.700000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1003457.700000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 814508.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 932363.550847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 929204.546392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 814508.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 932363.550847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 929204.546392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                          144                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.045514                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         135151                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         2192                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        61.656478                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          97.249587                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    13.732820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data    71.357630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1864.705476                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.047485                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.006705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.034843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.910501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          327                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                   327                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks            169                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                 169                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          327                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                    327                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          327                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                   327                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          129                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                 143                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          130                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                  144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          130                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                 144                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     13653458                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    108737100                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     122390558                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1093740                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      1093740                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     13653458                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    109830840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total      123484298                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     13653458                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    109830840                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total     123484298                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          456                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total               470                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          169                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total             169                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total                471                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total               471                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.282895                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.304255                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.284464                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.305732                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.284464                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.305732                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       975247                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 842923.255814                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 855878.027972                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1093740                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1093740                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       975247                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 844852.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 857529.847222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       975247                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 844852.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 857529.847222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                 93                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                      93                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total             144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          130                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total            144                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     12423838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     97405402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    109829240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1005940                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1005940                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     12423838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     98411342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    110835180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     12423838                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     98411342                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    110835180                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.282895                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.304255                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.284464                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.305732                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.284464                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.305732                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       887417                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 755080.635659                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 768036.643357                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1005940                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1005940                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       887417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 757010.323077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 769688.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       887417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 757010.323077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 769688.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              472.554359                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750129988                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1553064.157350                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    17.554359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.028132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.757299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       122021                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        122021                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       122021                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         122021                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       122021                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        122021                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    131140841                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    131140841                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    131140841                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    131140841                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    131140841                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    131140841                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       122062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       122062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       122062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       122062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       122062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       122062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000336                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000336                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000336                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000336                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 3198557.097561                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3198557.097561                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 3198557.097561                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3198557.097561                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 3198557.097561                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3198557.097561                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1483725                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 741862.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80342505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     80342505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80342505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     80342505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80342505                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     80342505                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2869375.178571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2869375.178571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2869375.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2869375.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2869375.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2869375.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  343                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              108893371                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  599                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             181791.938230                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   117.298032                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   138.701968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.458195                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.541805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        96348                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         96348                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        70544                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70544                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       166892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         166892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       166892                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        166892                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          846                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          846                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total          858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total          858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    194842081                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    194842081                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       992744                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       992744                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    195834825                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    195834825                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    195834825                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    195834825                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        97194                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97194                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        70556                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70556                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       167750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       167750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       167750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       167750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008704                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008704                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 230309.788416                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 230309.788416                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 82728.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82728.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 228245.716783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 228245.716783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 228245.716783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 228245.716783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total              79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          515                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          515                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     91314177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     91314177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       208353                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208353                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     91522530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     91522530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     91522530                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     91522530                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003498                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003498                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 268571.108824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 268571.108824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data        69451                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        69451                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 266829.533528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 266829.533528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 266829.533528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 266829.533528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              496.593133                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              747244175                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1503509.406439                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    14.593133                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.023386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.795822                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       116898                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        116898                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       116898                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         116898                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       116898                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        116898                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     15331561                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15331561                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     15331561                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     15331561                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     15331561                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     15331561                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       116918                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       116918                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       116918                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       116918                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       116918                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       116918                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000171                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000171                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000171                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000171                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000171                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000171                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 766578.050000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 766578.050000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 766578.050000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 766578.050000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 766578.050000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 766578.050000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     11789280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11789280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     11789280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11789280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     11789280                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11789280                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000128                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000128                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000128                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst       785952                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       785952                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst       785952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       785952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst       785952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       785952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  461                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              117744872                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                  717                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             164218.789400                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   157.570372                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    98.429628                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.615509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.384491                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        80426                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         80426                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        67412                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        67412                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       147838                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         147838                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       147838                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        147838                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1607                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1607                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           99                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           99                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1706                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         1706                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1706                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         1706                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    559565186                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    559565186                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     66933617                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     66933617                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    626498803                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    626498803                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    626498803                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    626498803                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        82033                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        82033                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        67511                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        67511                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       149544                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       149544                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       149544                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       149544                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.019590                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019590                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001466                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001466                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011408                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011408                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011408                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011408                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 348204.845053                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 348204.845053                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 676097.141414                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 676097.141414                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 367232.592614                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 367232.592614                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 367232.592614                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 367232.592614                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1317959                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 439319.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          171                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             171                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           99                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           99                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1244                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1244                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          462                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          462                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    128197297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    128197297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    128197297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    128197297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    128197297                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    128197297                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005632                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005632                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003089                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003089                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003089                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003089                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 277483.326840                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 277483.326840                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 277483.326840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 277483.326840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 277483.326840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 277483.326840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              556.392544                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              765680603                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1374650.992819                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    13.392544                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.021462                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891655                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       104586                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        104586                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       104586                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         104586                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       104586                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        104586                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     16374454                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     16374454                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     16374454                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     16374454                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     16374454                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     16374454                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       104605                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       104605                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       104605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       104605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       104605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       104605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000182                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000182                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000182                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000182                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000182                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000182                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 861813.368421                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 861813.368421                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 861813.368421                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 861813.368421                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 861813.368421                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 861813.368421                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     11178908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11178908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     11178908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11178908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     11178908                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11178908                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 798493.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 798493.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 798493.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 798493.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 798493.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 798493.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  704                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              287929440                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  960                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             299926.500000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   101.519775                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   154.480225                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.396562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.603438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       265132                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        265132                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       144493                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       144493                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           73                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           73                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           70                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           70                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       409625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         409625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       409625                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        409625                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2619                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2619                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2619                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         2619                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2619                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         2619                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1428977080                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1428977080                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1428977080                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1428977080                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1428977080                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1428977080                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       267751                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       267751                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       144493                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       144493                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           73                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           73                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           70                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           70                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       412244                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       412244                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       412244                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       412244                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009781                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009781                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006353                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006353                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006353                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006353                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 545619.350897                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 545619.350897                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 545619.350897                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 545619.350897                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 545619.350897                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 545619.350897                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          112                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             112                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1915                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1915                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          704                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          704                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    369626841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    369626841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    369626841                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    369626841                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    369626841                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    369626841                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001708                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001708                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001708                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001708                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 525038.126420                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 525038.126420                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 525038.126420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 525038.126420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 525038.126420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 525038.126420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              501.411617                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              750383583                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1494788.013944                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    12.411617                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.019890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst        91133                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         91133                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst        91133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total          91133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst        91133                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total         91133                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     15400701                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15400701                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     15400701                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     15400701                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     15400701                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     15400701                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst        91151                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        91151                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst        91151                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total        91151                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst        91151                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total        91151                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000197                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000197                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000197                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000197                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000197                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000197                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 855594.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 855594.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 855594.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 855594.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 855594.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 855594.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     12559361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12559361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     12559361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12559361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     12559361                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12559361                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 966104.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 966104.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 966104.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 966104.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 966104.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 966104.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  788                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              125035173                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 1044                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             119765.491379                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   173.765320                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    82.234680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.678771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.321229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        68396                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         68396                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        55083                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        55083                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          110                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          110                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          108                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          108                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       123479                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         123479                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       123479                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        123479                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1899                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1899                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          336                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          336                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2235                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         2235                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2235                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         2235                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1269743707                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1269743707                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    284284186                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    284284186                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1554027893                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1554027893                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1554027893                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1554027893                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        70295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        70295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        55419                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        55419                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          110                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          110                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          108                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          108                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       125714                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       125714                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       125714                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       125714                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.027015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006063                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006063                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.017778                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017778                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.017778                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017778                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 668638.076356                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 668638.076356                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 846083.886905                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 846083.886905                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 695314.493512                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 695314.493512                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 695314.493512                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 695314.493512                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          356                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             356                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          297                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          297                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1447                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1447                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           39                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          788                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          788                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    482776866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    482776866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     32650615                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32650615                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    515427481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    515427481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    515427481                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    515427481                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.010655                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010655                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000704                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000704                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006268                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006268                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006268                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006268                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 644561.903872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 644561.903872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 837195.256410                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 837195.256410                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 654095.788071                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 654095.788071                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 654095.788071                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 654095.788071                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              538.245182                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              643363467                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1193624.243043                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    12.245182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.019624                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       116431                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        116431                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       116431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         116431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       116431                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        116431                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     11209850                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11209850                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     11209850                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     11209850                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     11209850                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     11209850                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       116446                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       116446                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       116446                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       116446                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       116446                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       116446                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000129                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 747323.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 747323.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 747323.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 747323.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 747323.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 747323.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     10159879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10159879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     10159879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10159879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     10159879                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10159879                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 781529.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 781529.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 781529.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 781529.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 781529.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 781529.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  463                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              150634870                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  719                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             209506.077886                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   142.513415                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   113.486585                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.556693                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.443307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       158598                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        158598                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        36168                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        36168                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           84                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           84                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       194766                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         194766                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       194766                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        194766                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1651                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1651                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1651                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         1651                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1651                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         1651                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    688022629                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    688022629                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    688022629                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    688022629                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    688022629                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    688022629                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       160249                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       160249                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        36168                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        36168                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           84                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           84                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       196417                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       196417                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       196417                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       196417                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.010303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008406                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008406                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008406                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008406                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 416730.847365                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 416730.847365                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 416730.847365                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 416730.847365                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 416730.847365                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 416730.847365                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           45                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total              45                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1188                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1188                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          463                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          463                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    149849010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    149849010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    149849010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    149849010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    149849010                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    149849010                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002357                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002357                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002357                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002357                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 323647.969762                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 323647.969762                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 323647.969762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 323647.969762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 323647.969762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 323647.969762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              538.232746                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              643363567                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1193624.428571                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    12.232746                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.019604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862552                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       116531                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        116531                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       116531                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         116531                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       116531                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        116531                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     12838243                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     12838243                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     12838243                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     12838243                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     12838243                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     12838243                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       116548                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       116548                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       116548                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       116548                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       116548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       116548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000146                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000146                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 755190.764706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 755190.764706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 755190.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 755190.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 755190.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 755190.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     10981596                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10981596                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     10981596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10981596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     10981596                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10981596                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 844738.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 844738.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 844738.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 844738.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 844738.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 844738.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  462                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              150634685                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  718                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             209797.611421                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   141.885306                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   114.114694                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.554239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.445761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       158470                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        158470                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        36111                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        36111                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           84                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           84                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       194581                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         194581                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       194581                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        194581                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1659                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1659                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1659                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         1659                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1659                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         1659                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    680389146                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    680389146                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    680389146                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    680389146                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    680389146                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    680389146                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       160129                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       160129                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        36111                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        36111                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           84                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           84                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       196240                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       196240                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       196240                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       196240                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.010360                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010360                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008454                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008454                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008454                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008454                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 410120.039783                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 410120.039783                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 410120.039783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 410120.039783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 410120.039783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 410120.039783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           45                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total              45                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1197                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1197                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          462                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          462                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    149892465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    149892465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    149892465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    149892465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    149892465                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    149892465                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002885                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002885                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002354                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002354                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002354                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002354                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 324442.564935                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 324442.564935                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 324442.564935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 324442.564935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 324442.564935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 324442.564935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              538.251151                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              643362881                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1193623.155844                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    12.251151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.019633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       115845                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        115845                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       115845                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         115845                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       115845                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        115845                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     13113761                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13113761                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     13113761                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     13113761                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     13113761                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     13113761                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       115862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       115862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       115862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       115862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       115862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       115862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 771397.705882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 771397.705882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 771397.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 771397.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 771397.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 771397.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     11950558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11950558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     11950558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11950558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     11950558                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11950558                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 919273.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 919273.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 919273.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 919273.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 919273.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 919273.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  456                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              150633811                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                  712                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             211564.341292                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   141.281968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   114.718032                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.551883                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.448117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       158061                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        158061                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        35650                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        35650                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       193711                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         193711                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       193711                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        193711                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1649                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1649                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1649                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         1649                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1649                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         1649                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    712829737                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    712829737                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    712829737                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    712829737                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    712829737                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    712829737                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       159710                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       159710                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        35650                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        35650                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       195360                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       195360                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       195360                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       195360                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.010325                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010325                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008441                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008441                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008441                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008441                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 432280.010309                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 432280.010309                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 432280.010309                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 432280.010309                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 432280.010309                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 432280.010309                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           45                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total              45                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1193                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1193                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          456                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          456                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    152967586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    152967586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    152967586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    152967586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    152967586                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    152967586                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002855                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002855                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002334                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002334                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002334                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002334                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 335455.232456                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335455.232456                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 335455.232456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335455.232456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 335455.232456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335455.232456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              555.545331                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              765680779                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1377123.703237                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    12.545331                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.020105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.890297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       104762                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        104762                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       104762                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         104762                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       104762                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        104762                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     16743264                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     16743264                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     16743264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     16743264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     16743264                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     16743264                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       104780                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       104780                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       104780                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       104780                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       104780                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       104780                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000172                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000172                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000172                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000172                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000172                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000172                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 930181.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 930181.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 930181.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 930181.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 930181.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 930181.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     12498334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12498334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     12498334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12498334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     12498334                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12498334                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 961410.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 961410.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 961410.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 961410.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 961410.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 961410.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  708                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              287931908                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  964                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             298684.551867                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   101.543051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   154.456949                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.396653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.603347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       266747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        266747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       145348                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       145348                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           70                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           70                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       412095                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         412095                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       412095                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        412095                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2642                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2642                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2642                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         2642                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2642                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         2642                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1444114234                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1444114234                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1444114234                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1444114234                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1444114234                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1444114234                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       269389                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       269389                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       145348                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       145348                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           70                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           70                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       414737                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       414737                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       414737                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       414737                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009807                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009807                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006370                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006370                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006370                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006370                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 546598.877366                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 546598.877366                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 546598.877366                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 546598.877366                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 546598.877366                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 546598.877366                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          112                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             112                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1934                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1934                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1934                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1934                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          708                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          708                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    382489919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    382489919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    382489919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    382489919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    382489919                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    382489919                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002628                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002628                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001707                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001707                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001707                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001707                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 540239.998588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 540239.998588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 540239.998588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 540239.998588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 540239.998588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 540239.998588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              556.389325                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              765681400                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1374652.423698                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    13.389325                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.021457                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       105383                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        105383                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       105383                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         105383                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       105383                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        105383                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           21                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           21                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     18754786                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     18754786                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     18754786                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     18754786                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     18754786                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     18754786                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       105404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       105404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       105404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       105404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       105404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       105404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000199                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000199                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000199                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000199                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000199                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000199                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 893085.047619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 893085.047619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 893085.047619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 893085.047619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 893085.047619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 893085.047619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     12885372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12885372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     12885372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12885372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     12885372                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12885372                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000133                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000133                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000133                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 920383.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 920383.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 920383.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 920383.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 920383.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 920383.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  703                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              287935156                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                  959                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             300245.209593                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   101.514452                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   154.485548                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.396541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.603459                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       268924                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        268924                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       146417                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       146417                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           73                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           73                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           70                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           70                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       415341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         415341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       415341                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        415341                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2617                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2617                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2617                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         2617                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2617                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         2617                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1386722579                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1386722579                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1386722579                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1386722579                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1386722579                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1386722579                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       271541                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       271541                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       146417                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       146417                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           73                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           73                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           70                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           70                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       417958                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       417958                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       417958                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       417958                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009638                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009638                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006261                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006261                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006261                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006261                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 529890.171571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 529890.171571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 529890.171571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 529890.171571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 529890.171571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 529890.171571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          112                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             112                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1913                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1913                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          704                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          704                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    362239936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    362239936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    362239936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    362239936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    362239936                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    362239936                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002593                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002593                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 514545.363636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 514545.363636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 514545.363636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 514545.363636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 514545.363636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 514545.363636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              538.239274                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              643364002                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1193625.235622                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    12.239274                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.019614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       116966                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        116966                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       116966                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         116966                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       116966                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        116966                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     10783659                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10783659                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     10783659                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10783659                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     10783659                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10783659                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       116982                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       116982                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       116982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       116982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       116982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       116982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 673978.687500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 673978.687500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 673978.687500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 673978.687500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 673978.687500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 673978.687500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9814191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9814191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9814191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9814191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9814191                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9814191                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 754937.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 754937.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 754937.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 754937.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 754937.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 754937.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  464                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              150635294                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                  720                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             209215.686111                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   142.388503                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   113.611497                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.556205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.443795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       158804                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        158804                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        36386                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        36386                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           84                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           84                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       195190                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         195190                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       195190                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        195190                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1663                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1663                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1663                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         1663                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1663                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         1663                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    667259070                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    667259070                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    667259070                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    667259070                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    667259070                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    667259070                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       160467                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       160467                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        36386                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        36386                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           84                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           84                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       196853                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       196853                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       196853                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       196853                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.010364                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010364                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008448                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008448                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008448                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008448                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 401238.165965                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 401238.165965                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 401238.165965                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 401238.165965                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 401238.165965                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 401238.165965                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           45                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total              45                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1199                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1199                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          464                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          464                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    143221977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    143221977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    143221977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    143221977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    143221977                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    143221977                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002892                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002892                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002357                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002357                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002357                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002357                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 308668.053879                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 308668.053879                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 308668.053879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 308668.053879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 308668.053879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 308668.053879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              502.259689                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              746680809                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1484454.888668                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    27.259689                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.043685                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.804903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       119271                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        119271                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       119271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         119271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       119271                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        119271                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     84689747                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     84689747                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     84689747                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     84689747                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     84689747                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     84689747                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       119307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       119307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       119307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       119307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       119307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000302                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000302                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000302                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000302                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000302                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000302                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2352492.972222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2352492.972222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2352492.972222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2352492.972222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2352492.972222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2352492.972222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     72726922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72726922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     72726922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     72726922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     72726922                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     72726922                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2597390.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2597390.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2597390.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2597390.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2597390.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2597390.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  400                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              112792035                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  656                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             171939.077744                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   157.466225                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    98.533775                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.615102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.384898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        80466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         80466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        67142                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        67142                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          162                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          162                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       147608                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         147608                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       147608                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        147608                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1300                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1300                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1314                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         1314                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1314                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         1314                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    428487618                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    428487618                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1155966                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1155966                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    429643584                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    429643584                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    429643584                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    429643584                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        81766                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        81766                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        67156                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        67156                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          162                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          162                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       148922                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       148922                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       148922                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       148922                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.015899                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015899                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000208                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008823                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008823                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 329605.860000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 329605.860000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        82569                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        82569                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 326973.808219                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 326973.808219                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 326973.808219                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 326973.808219                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           91                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total              91                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          914                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          914                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    117918524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    117918524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    118110824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    118110824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    118110824                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    118110824                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004855                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004855                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002686                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002686                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002686                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002686                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 297023.989924                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 297023.989924                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 295277.060000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 295277.060000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 295277.060000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 295277.060000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              555.551532                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              765680952                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1377124.014388                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    12.551532                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.020115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.890307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       104935                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        104935                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       104935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         104935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       104935                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        104935                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     18665411                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     18665411                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     18665411                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     18665411                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     18665411                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     18665411                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       104955                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       104955                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       104955                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       104955                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       104955                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       104955                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000191                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000191                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000191                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000191                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000191                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000191                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 933270.550000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 933270.550000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 933270.550000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 933270.550000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 933270.550000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 933270.550000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     13103231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13103231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     13103231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13103231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     13103231                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13103231                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1007940.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1007940.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1007940.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1007940.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1007940.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1007940.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  707                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              287932358                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                  963                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             298995.179647                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   101.663249                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   154.336751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.397122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.602878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       267067                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        267067                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       145478                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       145478                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           70                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           70                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       412545                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         412545                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       412545                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        412545                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2650                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2650                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2650                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         2650                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2650                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         2650                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1417860429                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1417860429                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1417860429                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1417860429                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1417860429                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1417860429                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       269717                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       269717                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       145478                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       145478                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           70                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           70                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       415195                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       415195                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       415195                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       415195                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009825                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009825                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006383                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006383                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006383                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006383                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 535041.671321                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 535041.671321                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 535041.671321                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 535041.671321                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 535041.671321                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 535041.671321                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          112                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             112                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1943                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1943                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          707                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          707                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    370494449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    370494449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    370494449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    370494449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    370494449                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    370494449                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002621                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002621                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001703                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001703                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001703                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001703                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 524037.410184                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 524037.410184                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 524037.410184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 524037.410184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 524037.410184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 524037.410184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              538.248251                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              643363240                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1193623.821892                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    12.248251                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.019629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       116204                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        116204                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       116204                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         116204                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       116204                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        116204                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     15094603                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15094603                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     15094603                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     15094603                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     15094603                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     15094603                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       116221                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       116221                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       116221                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       116221                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       116221                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       116221                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000146                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000146                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 887917.823529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 887917.823529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 887917.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 887917.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 887917.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 887917.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     13225584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13225584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     13225584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13225584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     13225584                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13225584                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1017352.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1017352.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1017352.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1017352.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1017352.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1017352.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  458                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              150634258                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                  714                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             210972.350140                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   141.278327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   114.721673                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.551868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.448132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       158321                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        158321                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        35837                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        35837                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       194158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         194158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       194158                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        194158                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1653                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1653                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         1653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1653                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         1653                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    705687311                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    705687311                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    705687311                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    705687311                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    705687311                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    705687311                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       159974                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       159974                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        35837                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        35837                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       195811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       195811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       195811                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       195811                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.010333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008442                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008442                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008442                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008442                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 426913.073805                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 426913.073805                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 426913.073805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 426913.073805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 426913.073805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 426913.073805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           45                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total              45                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1195                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1195                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          458                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          458                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    152013398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    152013398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    152013398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    152013398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    152013398                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    152013398                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002339                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002339                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002339                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002339                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 331906.982533                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 331906.982533                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 331906.982533                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 331906.982533                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 331906.982533                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 331906.982533                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              502.256653                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              746681258                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1484455.781312                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    27.256653                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.043681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.804898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       119720                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        119720                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       119720                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         119720                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       119720                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        119720                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     85773749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     85773749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     85773749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     85773749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     85773749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     85773749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       119757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       119757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       119757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       119757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       119757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000309                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000309                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000309                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000309                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000309                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000309                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2318209.432432                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2318209.432432                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2318209.432432                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2318209.432432                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2318209.432432                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2318209.432432                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     73488929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     73488929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     73488929                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     73488929                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     73488929                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     73488929                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000234                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000234                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2624604.607143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2624604.607143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2624604.607143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2624604.607143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2624604.607143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2624604.607143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  400                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              112792638                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                  656                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             171939.996951                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   157.571000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    98.429000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.615512                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.384488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        80800                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         80800                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        67411                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        67411                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          162                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          162                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       148211                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         148211                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       148211                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        148211                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1300                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1300                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1314                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         1314                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1314                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         1314                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    455952449                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    455952449                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1155868                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1155868                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    457108317                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    457108317                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    457108317                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    457108317                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        82100                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        82100                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        67425                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        67425                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          162                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          162                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       149525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       149525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       149525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       149525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.015834                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015834                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000208                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008788                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008788                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008788                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008788                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 350732.653077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 350732.653077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data        82562                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        82562                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 347875.431507                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 347875.431507                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 347875.431507                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 347875.431507                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           91                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total              91                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          914                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          914                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    116254623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    116254623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    116446923                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    116446923                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    116446923                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    116446923                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004836                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004836                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000044                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 292832.803526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292832.803526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 291117.307500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291117.307500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 291117.307500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291117.307500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              501.401262                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              750383632                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1494788.111554                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    12.401262                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.019874                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803528                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst        91182                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         91182                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst        91182                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total          91182                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst        91182                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total         91182                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     17164438                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     17164438                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     17164438                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     17164438                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     17164438                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     17164438                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst        91200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        91200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst        91200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total        91200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst        91200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total        91200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000197                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000197                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000197                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000197                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000197                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000197                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 953579.888889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 953579.888889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 953579.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 953579.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 953579.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 953579.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     11838634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11838634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     11838634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11838634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     11838634                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11838634                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 910664.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 910664.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 910664.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 910664.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 910664.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 910664.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  778                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              125035297                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 1034                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             120923.884913                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   173.206552                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    82.793448                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.676588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.323412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        68597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         68597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        55006                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        55006                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          110                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          110                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          108                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          108                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       123603                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         123603                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       123603                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        123603                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1880                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1880                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          337                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          337                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2217                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         2217                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2217                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         2217                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1156257743                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1156257743                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    353007514                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    353007514                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1509265257                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1509265257                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1509265257                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1509265257                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        70477                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        70477                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        55343                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        55343                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          110                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          110                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          108                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          108                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       125820                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       125820                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       125820                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       125820                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.026675                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026675                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.017620                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017620                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.017620                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017620                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 615030.714362                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 615030.714362                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1047500.041543                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1047500.041543                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 680769.173207                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 680769.173207                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 680769.173207                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 680769.173207                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          352                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             352                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          297                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          297                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1437                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1437                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           40                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          780                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          780                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    461926764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    461926764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     43982774                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     43982774                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    505909538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    505909538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    505909538                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    505909538                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000723                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000723                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006199                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006199                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 624225.356757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 624225.356757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1099569.350000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1099569.350000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 648601.971795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 648601.971795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 648601.971795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 648601.971795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              495.731677                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              747243663                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1506539.643145                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    13.731677                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.022006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       116386                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        116386                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       116386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         116386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       116386                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        116386                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     16114602                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     16114602                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     16114602                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     16114602                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     16114602                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     16114602                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       116405                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       116405                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       116405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       116405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       116405                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       116405                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000163                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000163                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000163                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000163                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000163                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000163                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 848136.947368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 848136.947368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 848136.947368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 848136.947368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 848136.947368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 848136.947368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     13769658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13769658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     13769658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13769658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     13769658                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13769658                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       983547                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       983547                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       983547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       983547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       983547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       983547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  457                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              117744426                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                  713                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             165139.447405                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   156.752634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    99.247366                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.612315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.387685                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        80243                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         80243                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        67154                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        67154                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          166                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          166                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       147397                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         147397                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       147397                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        147397                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          100                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          100                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1677                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         1677                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1677                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         1677                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    560206774                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    560206774                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     75081726                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     75081726                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    635288500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    635288500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    635288500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    635288500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        81820                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        81820                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        67254                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        67254                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          166                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          166                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       149074                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       149074                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       149074                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       149074                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.019274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001487                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001487                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011249                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011249                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 355235.747622                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 355235.747622                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 750817.260000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 750817.260000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 378824.388790                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 378824.388790                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 378824.388790                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 378824.388790                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1294000                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       647000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           99                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           99                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1220                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1220                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    131180888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    131180888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1102040                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1102040                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    132282928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    132282928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    132282928                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    132282928                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005573                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005573                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003066                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003066                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003066                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003066                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 287677.385965                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287677.385965                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1102040                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1102040                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 289459.361050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 289459.361050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 289459.361050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 289459.361050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
