
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001195                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1194601584                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               400396743012                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 403566                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   521229                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  40599                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67750760                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 29424.41                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11874683521                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15336851943                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        22912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        22912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        13312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        16384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        43008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        13312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        27264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        17152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        13056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        27264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        16384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        43264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        43264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        22912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        22912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         1408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        13312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               424832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         1408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           46208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       142336                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            142336                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          179                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          179                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          104                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          128                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          336                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          104                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          213                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          134                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          102                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          213                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          128                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          338                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          338                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          179                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          179                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          104                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  3319                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1112                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1112                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      2571569                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     19179616                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      2571569                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     19179616                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1178636                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     11143464                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      2893015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     13715033                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      3107312                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     36001961                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1178636                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     11143464                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      2678717                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     22822672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      3000163                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     14357925                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1178636                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     10929167                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      2678717                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     22822672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      2893015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     13715033                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      3214461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     36216259                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      3214461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     36216259                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      2571569                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     19179616                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      2571569                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     19179616                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1178636                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     11143464                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               355626517                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      2571569                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      2571569                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1178636                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      2893015                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      3107312                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1178636                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      2678717                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      3000163                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1178636                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      2678717                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      2893015                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      3214461                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      3214461                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      2571569                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      2571569                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1178636                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           38680679                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         119149348                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              119149348                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         119149348                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      2571569                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     19179616                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      2571569                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     19179616                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      1178636                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     11143464                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      2893015                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     13715033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      3107312                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     36001961                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      1178636                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     11143464                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      2678717                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     22822672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      3000163                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     14357925                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      1178636                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     10929167                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      2678717                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     22822672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      2893015                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     13715033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      3214461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     36216259                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      3214461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     36216259                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      2571569                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     19179616                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      2571569                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     19179616                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      1178636                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     11143464                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              474775865                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         210086                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       171896                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22312                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        87168                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80056                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21309                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1033                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2008130                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1199186                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            210086                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       101365                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              262235                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         64198                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       211641                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          125299                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22055                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2523518                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.581916                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.920439                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2261283     89.61%     89.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          27848      1.10%     90.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          32178      1.28%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          17825      0.71%     92.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          20155      0.80%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          11761      0.47%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6           7806      0.31%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          20760      0.82%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         123902      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2523518                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.073335                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.418600                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1991526                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       228896                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          259901                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         2075                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        41116                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        34252                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          397                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1463330                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         2154                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        41116                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1995048                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         18827                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       201051                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          258461                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles         9011                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1461089                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         2008                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         4387                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      2031978                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6800982                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6800982                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1703093                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         328872                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          391                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          224                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           26274                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       140413                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        75401                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1864                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        15790                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1457079                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          393                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1367765                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1978                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       200427                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       469210                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           56                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2523518                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.542007                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.236525                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1948085     77.20%     77.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       230856      9.15%     86.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       124525      4.93%     91.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86093      3.41%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75189      2.98%     97.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        38827      1.54%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9381      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6093      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4469      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2523518                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           346     11.40%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1331     43.86%     55.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1358     44.74%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1145013     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21293      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          166      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       126624      9.26%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74669      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1367765                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.477446                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3035                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002219                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5264060                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1657940                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1342995                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1370800                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3360                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27532                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           42                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2335                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           83                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        41116                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         14011                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1215                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1457479                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           16                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       140413                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75401                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          225                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          846                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           42                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12179                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13007                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        25186                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1346032                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       118542                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21732                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             193168                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         187687                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            74626                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.469860                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1343086                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1342995                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          798750                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         2092554                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.468800                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.381711                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000002                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1226889                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       230594                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          337                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        22261                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2482402                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.494235                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.308976                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1980979     79.80%     79.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       232711      9.37%     89.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97439      3.93%     93.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        58555      2.36%     95.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40184      1.62%     97.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26391      1.06%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13716      0.55%     98.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10768      0.43%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        21659      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2482402                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1226889                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               185944                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              112879                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               168                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           175550                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1106121                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        24959                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        21659                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3918213                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2956102                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 32777                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                341235                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1226889                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.864747                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.864747                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.349071                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.349071                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6069752                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1866074                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1364081                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          336                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         210212                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       172005                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22322                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        87221                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80106                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21321                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1033                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2009339                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1199903                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            210212                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       101427                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              262398                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         64234                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       211703                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          125370                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22065                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2524978                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.581941                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.920470                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2262580     89.61%     89.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          27861      1.10%     90.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          32202      1.28%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          17835      0.71%     92.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          20172      0.80%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          11764      0.47%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6           7816      0.31%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          20770      0.82%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         123978      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2524978                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.073379                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.418850                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        1992732                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       228961                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          260063                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         2076                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        41142                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        34269                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          397                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1464242                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         2154                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        41142                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        1996257                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         17363                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       202571                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          258624                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles         9017                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1461993                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         2015                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         4386                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      2033218                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      6805268                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      6805268                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1704106                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         329099                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          391                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          224                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           26277                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       140517                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        75448                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1864                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        15802                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1457983                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          393                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1368625                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1979                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       200545                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       469472                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           56                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2524978                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.542034                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.236531                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1949172     77.20%     77.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       231014      9.15%     86.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       124607      4.93%     91.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86134      3.41%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75249      2.98%     97.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        38845      1.54%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9390      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6102      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4465      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2524978                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           349     11.48%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1332     43.83%     55.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1358     44.69%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1145709     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21301      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          166      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       126733      9.26%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74716      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1368625                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.477746                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3039                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002220                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5267244                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1658962                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1343834                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1371664                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3361                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27557                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           42                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2335                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           83                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        41142                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         12557                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1217                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1458383                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           16                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       140517                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75448                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          225                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents          847                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           42                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12184                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13013                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        25197                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1346871                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       118635                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21752                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             193309                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         187796                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            74674                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.470153                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1343925                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1343834                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          799258                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         2093980                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.469092                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.381693                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000591                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1227634                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       230757                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          337                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        22271                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2483836                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.494249                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.308992                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1982104     79.80%     79.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       232851      9.37%     89.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97506      3.93%     93.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        58595      2.36%     95.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40210      1.62%     97.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26404      1.06%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13714      0.55%     98.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10774      0.43%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        21678      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2483836                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      1000591                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1227634                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               186073                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              112960                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               168                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           175656                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         1106791                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        24974                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        21678                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            3920536                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           2957940                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 32794                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                339775                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           1000591                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1227634                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      1000591                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.863061                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.863061                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.349277                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.349277                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        6073598                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1867221                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1364909                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          336                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         246722                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       205645                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24168                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        94132                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits          88337                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          26103                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1110                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2137677                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1352328                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            246722                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       114440                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              280986                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         68304                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       212267                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           17                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          134475                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        23049                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2674876                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.621834                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.985576                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2393890     89.50%     89.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          17098      0.64%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          21111      0.79%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          34412      1.29%     92.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          14167      0.53%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          18790      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          21442      0.80%     94.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          10224      0.38%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         143742      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2674876                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.086123                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.472057                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        2125055                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       226320                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          279565                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles          170                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        43763                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        37223                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          166                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1652569                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts          994                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        43763                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        2127669                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles          6702                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       213177                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          277085                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles         6473                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1641660                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents          898                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         4410                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      2293402                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      7628986                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      7628986                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1882251                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         411151                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          382                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          195                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           23335                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       154952                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        79213                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads          854                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        18073                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1600517                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          383                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1523933                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1808                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       216670                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       454558                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2674876                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.569721                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.296004                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2030808     75.92%     75.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       292615     10.94%     86.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       120264      4.50%     91.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        67649      2.53%     93.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        90870      3.40%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28801      1.08%     98.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        27922      1.04%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        14750      0.55%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1197      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2674876                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10498     78.83%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1450     10.89%     89.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1369     10.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1284534     84.29%     84.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20621      1.35%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          187      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       139706      9.17%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        78885      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1523933                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.531960                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             13317                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008739                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5737867                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1817578                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1481471                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1537250                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1017                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        32651                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1439                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        43763                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles          5084                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles          686                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1600902                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1107                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       154952                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        79213                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          195                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents          605                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13578                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14135                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        27713                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1495326                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       136913                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        28607                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             215778                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         210737                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            78865                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.521974                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1481487                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1481471                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          887564                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         2385182                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.517137                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.372116                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1094827                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1349160                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       251750                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          376                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        24204                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2631113                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.512772                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.329532                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2059245     78.27%     78.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       290278     11.03%     89.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       105407      4.01%     93.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        52208      1.98%     95.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        47563      1.81%     97.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        20172      0.77%     97.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        20041      0.76%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9506      0.36%     98.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26693      1.01%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2631113                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      1094827                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1349160                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               200075                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              122301                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               188                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           195506                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         1214763                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        27873                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        26693                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            4205330                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           3245584                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 34459                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                189877                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           1094827                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1349160                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      1094827                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.616626                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.616626                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.382172                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.382172                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        6725340                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       2072708                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1525696                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          376                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         221457                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       181307                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23402                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        89871                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          84838                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          22342                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1080                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2125758                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1239357                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            221457                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       107180                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              257237                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         64824                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       126136                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.MiscStallCycles          588                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          131598                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        23250                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2550864                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.596778                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.935124                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2293627     89.92%     89.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          11796      0.46%     90.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          18608      0.73%     91.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          25040      0.98%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          26543      1.04%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          22456      0.88%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          11877      0.47%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          18882      0.74%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         122035      4.78%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2550864                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.077304                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.432623                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        2104743                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       148186                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          256618                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          385                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        40925                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        36170                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1518969                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1276                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        40925                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        2110865                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         21231                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       113403                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          250892                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        13539                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1517742                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         1784                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         5974                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      2118511                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      7056594                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      7056594                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1803309                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         315202                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          363                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          186                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           42171                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       142841                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        76202                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads          851                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        17042                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1514864                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          364                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1428233                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          424                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       186338                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       451716                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2550864                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.559902                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.254397                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1947964     76.36%     76.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       246594      9.67%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       125524      4.92%     90.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        95590      3.75%     94.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75080      2.94%     97.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        29826      1.17%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        19002      0.74%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9913      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1371      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2550864                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           296     11.84%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead          914     36.57%     48.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1289     51.58%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1201763     84.14%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21225      1.49%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          177      0.01%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       129298      9.05%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        75770      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1428233                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.498554                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2499                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001750                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5410253                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1701580                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1404727                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1430732                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2822                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25570                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           15                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1572                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        40925                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         18142                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1205                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1515232                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           22                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       142841                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        76202                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          186                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1020                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           15                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12808                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13821                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        26629                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1406911                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       121583                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21322                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             197328                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         199412                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            75745                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.491111                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1404806                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1404727                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          807211                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         2175633                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.490348                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.371024                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1051404                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1293903                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       221338                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          357                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        23471                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2509939                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.515512                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.361412                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1979329     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       262774     10.47%     89.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        99742      3.97%     93.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47154      1.88%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        39374      1.57%     96.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        23164      0.92%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        20670      0.82%     98.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9009      0.36%     98.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28723      1.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2509939                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      1051404                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1293903                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               191901                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              117271                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               178                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           186552                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1165832                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        26661                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        28723                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            3996444                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           3071415                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 34004                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                313889                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           1051404                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1293903                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      1051404                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.724693                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.724693                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.367014                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.367014                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        6329768                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1958463                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1407505                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          356                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         196509                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       177074                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12063                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        76174                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          67981                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10501                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          538                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2061528                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1232166                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            196509                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches        78482                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              242556                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         38583                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       295214                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1222                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           28                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          119971                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11889                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2626778                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.550695                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.855773                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2384222     90.77%     90.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1           8378      0.32%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          17581      0.67%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3           7190      0.27%     92.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          39748      1.51%     93.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          35739      1.36%     94.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6           6636      0.25%     95.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          14332      0.55%     95.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         112952      4.30%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2626778                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.068595                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.430112                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        2045626                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       312855                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          241494                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles          797                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        26002                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        17251                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          228                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1442974                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1406                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        26002                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        2048799                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        279192                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles        24822                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          239320                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles         8639                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1440818                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           12                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         3682                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         3244                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents            3                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      1696268                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      6779157                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      6779157                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1465636                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         230616                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          176                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts           96                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           22860                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       338835                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       170012                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1588                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores         8285                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1435660                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          177                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1367806                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1264                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       133438                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       327872                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2626778                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.520716                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.313676                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2137976     81.39%     81.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       147795      5.63%     87.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       120897      4.60%     91.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        51547      1.96%     93.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        65800      2.50%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        62502      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        35678      1.36%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2866      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1717      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2626778                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3352     10.94%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        26501     86.52%     97.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          778      2.54%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       858761     62.78%     62.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11786      0.86%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           80      0.01%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       328007     23.98%     87.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       169172     12.37%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1367806                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.477460                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30631                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022394                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5394285                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1569339                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1354015                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1398437                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2453                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        17125                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           65                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1936                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          116                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        26002                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        273744                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2280                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1435842                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           31                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       338835                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       170012                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           95                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1447                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           18                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           65                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6185                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7643                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        13828                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1356852                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       326726                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10954                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             495850                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         177508                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           169124                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.473637                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1354159                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1354015                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          731923                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         1442290                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.472646                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.507473                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1090479                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1280903                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       155080                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          165                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        12079                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2600776                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.492508                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.308986                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2134869     82.09%     82.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       170890      6.57%     88.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        79825      3.07%     91.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        78899      3.03%     94.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        21174      0.81%     95.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        91049      3.50%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6946      0.27%     99.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4943      0.19%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12181      0.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2600776                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      1090479                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1280903                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               489778                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              321707                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           169101                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1138784                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        12272                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        12181                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            4024565                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           2897998                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 46136                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                237975                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           1090479                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1280903                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      1090479                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.627059                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.627059                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.380654                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.380654                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        6704961                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1574832                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1713092                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         246683                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       205612                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24164                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        94118                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits          88324                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          26100                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1110                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2137436                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1352126                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            246683                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       114424                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              280944                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         68291                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       212591                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           17                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          134456                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        23043                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2674908                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.621735                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.985433                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2393964     89.50%     89.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          17094      0.64%     90.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          21111      0.79%     90.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          34406      1.29%     92.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          14161      0.53%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          18790      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          21439      0.80%     94.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          10223      0.38%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         143720      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2674908                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.086110                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.471987                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        2124825                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       226631                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          279525                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles          170                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        43754                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        37217                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          166                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1652326                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts          994                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        43754                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        2127437                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles          6701                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       213487                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          277047                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles         6475                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1641432                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents          900                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         4405                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      2293067                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      7627942                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      7627942                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1882035                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         411032                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          382                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          195                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           23322                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       154934                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        79207                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads          854                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        18073                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1600315                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          383                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1523746                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1808                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       216610                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       454453                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2674908                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.569644                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.295927                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2030911     75.92%     75.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       292588     10.94%     86.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       120253      4.50%     91.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        67637      2.53%     93.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        90858      3.40%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28798      1.08%     98.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        27919      1.04%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        14747      0.55%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1197      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2674908                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10497     78.83%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1450     10.89%     89.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1369     10.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1284368     84.29%     84.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20621      1.35%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          187      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       139691      9.17%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        78879      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1523746                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.531894                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             13316                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008739                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5737524                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1817316                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1481297                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1537062                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1017                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        32642                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1439                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        43754                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles          5083                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles          686                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1600700                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1107                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       154934                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        79207                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          195                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents          605                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13576                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14132                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        27708                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1495146                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       136898                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        28600                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             215757                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         210710                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            78859                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.521911                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1481313                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1481297                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          887462                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         2384878                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.517077                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.372121                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1094708                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1349018                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       251690                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          376                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        24200                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2631154                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.512710                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.329463                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2059348     78.27%     78.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       290246     11.03%     89.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       105392      4.01%     93.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        52206      1.98%     95.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        47557      1.81%     97.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        20172      0.77%     97.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        20039      0.76%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9504      0.36%     98.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26690      1.01%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2631154                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      1094708                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1349018                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               200060                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              122292                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               188                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           195481                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         1214641                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        27871                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        26690                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            4205172                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           3245171                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 34453                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                189845                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           1094708                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1349018                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      1094708                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.616911                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.616911                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.382130                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.382130                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        6724553                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       2072445                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1525482                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          376                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         193061                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       173264                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16879                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       130392                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         126492                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10653                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          520                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2043020                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1099377                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            193061                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       137145                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              244121                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         56187                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles        90301                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          124947                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16350                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2416652                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.507553                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.741662                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2172531     89.90%     89.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          37696      1.56%     91.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          18164      0.75%     92.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          37403      1.55%     93.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          10764      0.45%     94.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          34946      1.45%     95.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6           5105      0.21%     95.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7           8413      0.35%     96.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8          91630      3.79%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2416652                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.067392                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.383760                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        2020481                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       113601                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          243471                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles          266                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        38830                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        17240                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          380                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1221965                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1683                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        38830                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        2023384                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         78082                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        27252                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          240614                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles         8487                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1219197                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents            6                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         1135                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         6524                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      1590674                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      5513118                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      5513118                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1253128                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         337526                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          160                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts           87                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           19013                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       227352                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        33383                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads          307                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores         7427                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1210807                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          162                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1120929                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1323                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       243287                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       515407                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2416652                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.463836                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.074903                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1925162     79.66%     79.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       151070      6.25%     85.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       169366      7.01%     92.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        95633      3.96%     96.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        48304      2.00%     98.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        12613      0.52%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13881      0.57%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          323      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          300      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2416652                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1870     56.96%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead          804     24.49%     81.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          609     18.55%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       874371     78.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         8204      0.73%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           74      0.01%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       205457     18.33%     97.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        32823      2.93%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1120929                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.391283                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3283                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002929                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4663116                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1454275                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1090112                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1124212                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          888                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        50361                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1401                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        38830                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         68053                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles          947                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1210973                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          132                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       227352                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        33383                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           86                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents          440                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           24                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10498                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7335                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        17833                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1105840                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       202304                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15089                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             235103                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         168382                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            32799                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.386016                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1090533                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1090112                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          661805                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         1414992                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.380526                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.467709                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts       863432                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps       965268                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       245757                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          153                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        16584                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2377822                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.405946                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.272405                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2021376     85.01%     85.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       138379      5.82%     90.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90321      3.80%     94.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        27823      1.17%     95.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        48427      2.04%     97.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         8811      0.37%     98.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5767      0.24%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4931      0.21%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31987      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2377822                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts       863432                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps       965268                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               208969                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              176987                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars                76                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           148844                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts          841248                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        11346                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        31987                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            3556847                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           2460919                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 47637                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                448101                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts            863432                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps              965268                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total       863432                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     3.317868                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               3.317868                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.301398                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.301398                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        5149268                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1414520                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1306079                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          152                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         221632                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       181585                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23211                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        90097                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          85148                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          22407                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1076                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2125438                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1239623                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            221632                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       107555                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              257596                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         64278                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       127014                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.MiscStallCycles          602                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          131415                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        23048                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2551434                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.596994                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.935200                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2293838     89.90%     89.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          11785      0.46%     90.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          19046      0.75%     91.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          24919      0.98%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          26537      1.04%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          22406      0.88%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          12168      0.48%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          18508      0.73%     95.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         122227      4.79%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2551434                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.077365                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.432715                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        2104225                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       149311                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          256922                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles          408                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        40561                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        36034                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          212                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1519716                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1298                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        40561                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        2110516                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         18597                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       116854                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          251047                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        13850                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1518146                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         1823                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         6101                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      2118132                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      7059477                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      7059477                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1807235                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         310872                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          368                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          189                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           42866                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       143267                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        76152                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads          862                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        19108                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1515175                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          370                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1429175                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          476                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       184626                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       448526                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2551434                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.560146                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.253869                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1946320     76.28%     76.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       249353      9.77%     86.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       126171      4.95%     91.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        94202      3.69%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75022      2.94%     97.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        30043      1.18%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        19060      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9893      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1370      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2551434                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           312     12.32%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead          930     36.72%     49.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1291     50.97%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1202557     84.14%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21212      1.48%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          178      0.01%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       129473      9.06%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        75755      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1429175                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.498882                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2533                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001772                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5412786                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1700186                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1406029                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1431708                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3006                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25752                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           16                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1348                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        40561                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         15517                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1221                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1515553                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           15                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       143267                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        76152                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          190                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1038                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           16                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12860                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13624                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        26484                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1408201                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       121801                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20967                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             197531                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         199477                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            75730                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.491561                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1406100                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1406029                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          808204                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         2179623                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.490803                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.370800                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1053740                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1296700                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       218831                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          361                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        23282                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2510873                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.516434                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.360256                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1977687     78.76%     78.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       264730     10.54%     89.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        99719      3.97%     93.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47448      1.89%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40466      1.61%     96.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        23115      0.92%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19982      0.80%     98.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8951      0.36%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28775      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2510873                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      1053740                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1296700                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               192308                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              117511                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               180                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           186932                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1168386                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        26721                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        28775                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            3997616                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           3071662                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 33956                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                313319                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           1053740                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1296700                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      1053740                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.718653                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.718653                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.367829                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.367829                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        6337046                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1959859                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1407956                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          360                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         245914                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       204960                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24100                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        93846                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          88063                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          26021                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1107                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2130766                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1347688                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            245914                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       114084                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              280038                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         68097                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       220831                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           17                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          134044                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22981                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2675444                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.619614                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.982337                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2395406     89.53%     89.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          17018      0.64%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          21043      0.79%     90.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          34298      1.28%     92.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          14130      0.53%     92.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          18735      0.70%     93.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          21384      0.80%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          10195      0.38%     94.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         143235      5.35%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2675444                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.085841                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.470438                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        2118243                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       234780                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          278622                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles          170                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        43626                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        37105                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          166                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1647009                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts          994                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        43626                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        2120846                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles          6668                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       221702                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          276153                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles         6442                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1636134                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents          894                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         4386                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      2285440                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      7603335                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      7603335                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1875651                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         409781                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          379                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          193                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           23213                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       154467                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        78959                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads          847                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        18024                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1595090                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          379                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1518780                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1805                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       215893                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       452931                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2675444                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567674                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.294129                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2033596     76.01%     76.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       291575     10.90%     86.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119832      4.48%     91.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        67430      2.52%     93.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        90590      3.39%     97.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28712      1.07%     98.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        27823      1.04%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        14695      0.55%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1191      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2675444                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10464     78.83%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1446     10.89%     89.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1364     10.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1280148     84.29%     84.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20559      1.35%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          186      0.01%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       139256      9.17%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        78631      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1518780                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.530161                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             13274                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008740                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5728083                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1811370                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1476456                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1532054                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1009                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        32546                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1435                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        43626                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles          5060                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles          683                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1595471                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1107                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       154467                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        78959                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          193                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents          602                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13546                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14086                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        27632                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1490275                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       136482                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        28505                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             215093                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         210046                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            78611                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.520211                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1476472                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1476456                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          884475                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         2376955                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.515387                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.372104                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1090999                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1344565                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       250906                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          372                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        24134                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2631818                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.510888                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.327487                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2061938     78.35%     78.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       289242     10.99%     89.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       105045      3.99%     93.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        52037      1.98%     95.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        47390      1.80%     97.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        20118      0.76%     97.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19967      0.76%     98.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9478      0.36%     98.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26603      1.01%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2631818                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      1090999                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1344565                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               199439                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              121915                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               186                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           194858                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1210647                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        27797                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        26603                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            4200686                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           3234577                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 34347                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                189309                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           1090999                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1344565                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      1090999                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.625807                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.625807                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.380835                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.380835                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        6702640                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       2065467                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1520500                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          372                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         192946                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       173151                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16871                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       130276                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         126376                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10652                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          520                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2041629                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1098723                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            192946                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       137028                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              243966                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         56159                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles        90208                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          124862                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16344                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2414993                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.507631                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.741843                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2171027     89.90%     89.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          37662      1.56%     91.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          18159      0.75%     92.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          37363      1.55%     93.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          10764      0.45%     94.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          34908      1.45%     95.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6           5102      0.21%     95.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7           8415      0.35%     96.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8          91593      3.79%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2414993                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.067352                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.383531                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        2019082                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       113512                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          243313                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles          273                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        38810                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        17240                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          380                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1221322                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1683                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        38810                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        2021977                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         78066                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        27176                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          240478                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles         8483                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1218585                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents            6                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         1143                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         6518                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      1589956                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      5510478                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      5510478                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1252529                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         337411                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          160                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts           87                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           19029                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       227172                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        33381                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads          311                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores         7427                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1210195                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          162                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1120337                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1322                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       243189                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       515253                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2414993                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.463909                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.075042                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1923788     79.66%     79.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       151014      6.25%     85.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       169207      7.01%     92.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        95572      3.96%     96.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        48290      2.00%     98.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        12622      0.52%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13877      0.57%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          323      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          300      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2414993                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1871     57.01%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead          802     24.44%     81.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          609     18.56%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       873956     78.01%     78.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         8204      0.73%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           74      0.01%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       205282     18.32%     97.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        32821      2.93%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1120337                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.391076                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3282                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002929                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4660271                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1453565                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1089532                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1123619                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          888                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        50336                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1401                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        38810                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         68047                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles          948                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1210361                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          132                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       227172                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        33381                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           86                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents          440                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           24                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10489                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7335                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        17824                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1105246                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       202130                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15091                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             234927                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         168281                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            32797                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.385808                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1089957                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1089532                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          661447                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         1414513                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.380323                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.467615                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts       862915                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps       964751                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       245658                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          153                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        16576                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2376183                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.406009                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.272463                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2019905     85.01%     85.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       138333      5.82%     90.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90274      3.80%     94.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        27805      1.17%     95.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        48393      2.04%     97.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         8811      0.37%     98.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5768      0.24%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4932      0.21%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31962      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2376183                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts       862915                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps       964751                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               208813                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              176833                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars                76                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           148759                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts          840814                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        11345                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        31962                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3554617                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           2459670                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 47610                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                449760                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts            862915                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps              964751                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total       862915                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     3.319855                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               3.319855                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.301218                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.301218                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        5146406                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1413842                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1305270                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          152                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2863101                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         222208                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       181924                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23404                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        90529                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits          85124                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          22418                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1094                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2124815                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1242142                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            222208                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       107542                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              257891                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         64986                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       123911                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          131605                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        23264                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2547905                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599049                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.938319                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2290014     89.88%     89.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          11829      0.46%     90.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          18630      0.73%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          24959      0.98%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          26555      1.04%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          22668      0.89%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          12270      0.48%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          18665      0.73%     95.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         122315      4.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2547905                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.077611                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.433845                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        2102980                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       146210                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          257273                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          360                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        41075                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        36273                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          213                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1522855                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1312                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        41075                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        2109310                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         17258                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       115035                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          251297                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        13921                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1521375                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         1804                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         6146                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      2121805                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      7073866                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      7073866                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1805308                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         316404                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          365                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          188                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           42801                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       143621                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        76225                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads          874                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        19300                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1518457                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          365                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1430557                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          310                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       188878                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       456882                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2547905                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.561464                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.256124                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1943138     76.26%     76.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       248755      9.76%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       125924      4.94%     90.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        94299      3.70%     94.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75075      2.95%     97.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        30285      1.19%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18994      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        10112      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1323      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2547905                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           299     11.78%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead          939     36.98%     48.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1301     51.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1203845     84.15%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21222      1.48%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          177      0.01%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       129472      9.05%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        75841      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1430557                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.499653                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2539                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001775                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5411868                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1707717                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1407481                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1433096                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3017                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26189                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           18                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1506                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        41075                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         14204                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1208                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1518826                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          110                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       143621                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        76225                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          187                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1025                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           18                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12728                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13884                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        26612                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1409737                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       121899                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20820                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             197725                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         199664                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            75826                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.492381                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1407560                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1407481                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          808587                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         2181597                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.491593                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.370640                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1052568                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1295384                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       223380                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          357                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        23469                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2506830                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.516742                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.361227                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1974573     78.77%     78.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       264197     10.54%     89.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        99360      3.96%     93.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47530      1.90%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40307      1.61%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        23095      0.92%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        20042      0.80%     98.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8886      0.35%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28840      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2506830                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      1052568                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1295384                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               192131                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              117419                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               178                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           186790                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         1167176                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        26704                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        28840                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            3996741                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           3078692                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 34064                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                315196                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           1052568                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1295384                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      1052568                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.720110                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.720110                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.367632                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.367632                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        6343376                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1961393                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1410592                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          356                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         193648                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       174446                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12071                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        74526                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          67037                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10395                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          523                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2029523                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1213449                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            193648                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches        77432                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              238897                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         38489                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       310448                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2817                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           41                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          118268                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11889                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2607858                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.546256                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.849143                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2368961     90.84%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1           8256      0.32%     91.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          17534      0.67%     91.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3           7113      0.27%     92.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          38916      1.49%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          35003      1.34%     94.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6           6566      0.25%     95.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          14253      0.55%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         111256      4.27%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2607858                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.067597                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.423579                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        2014095                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       329231                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          237819                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          805                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        25904                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        17042                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          228                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1420919                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1400                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        25904                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        2017412                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        296147                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        23688                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          235518                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles         9185                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1418697                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         3924                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         3419                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents           78                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      1672800                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      6673952                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      6673952                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1443010                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         229785                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          173                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts           92                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           23921                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       332053                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       166708                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1518                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores         8079                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1413436                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          174                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1345891                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1210                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       132751                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       325052                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2607858                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.516091                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.307896                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2125287     81.50%     81.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       147598      5.66%     87.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       118830      4.56%     91.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        50869      1.95%     93.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64335      2.47%     96.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        61267      2.35%     98.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        35088      1.35%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2849      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1735      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2607858                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3343     11.12%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        25939     86.31%     97.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          771      2.57%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       846953     62.93%     62.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11655      0.87%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           80      0.01%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       321370     23.88%     87.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       165833     12.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1345891                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.469810                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30053                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022329                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5330903                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1546426                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1332330                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1375944                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2477                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16807                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           66                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1916                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          116                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        25904                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        290091                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2468                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1413615                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           45                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       332053                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       166708                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           92                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1601                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           19                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           66                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6239                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7603                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        13842                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1335051                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       320225                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10840                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             486012                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         174684                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           165787                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.466027                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1332478                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1332330                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          720971                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         1423054                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.465077                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.506636                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1072173                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1259621                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       154172                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          165                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        12082                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2581954                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.487856                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.303446                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2122723     82.21%     82.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       169606      6.57%     88.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        78477      3.04%     91.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        77441      3.00%     94.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        20688      0.80%     95.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        89219      3.46%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6822      0.26%     99.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4865      0.19%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12113      0.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2581954                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      1072173                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1259621                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               480035                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              315243                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           166347                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         1119950                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        12133                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        12113                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            3983621                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           2853509                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 45492                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                256895                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           1072173                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1259621                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      1072173                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.671913                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.671913                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.374264                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.374264                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        6594110                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1551774                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1684793                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         194244                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       174992                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12060                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        74820                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          67346                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10488                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          527                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2036606                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1216233                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            194244                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches        77834                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              239643                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         38210                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       300291                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2849                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           41                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          118646                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11905                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2605299                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548237                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.851923                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2365656     90.80%     90.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1           8281      0.32%     91.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          17649      0.68%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3           7173      0.28%     92.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          39084      1.50%     93.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          35091      1.35%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6           6571      0.25%     95.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          14346      0.55%     95.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         111448      4.28%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2605299                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.067805                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.424551                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        2020930                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       319335                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          238567                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles          821                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        25642                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        17084                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          227                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1424799                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1392                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        25642                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        2024250                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        286486                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles        23477                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          236276                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles         9164                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1422646                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         4011                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         3398                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      1678712                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      6692409                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      6692409                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1451309                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         227377                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          173                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts           92                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           24007                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       332586                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       166865                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1558                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores         8243                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1417529                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          174                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1351049                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1196                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       131120                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       320627                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2605299                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.518577                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.309929                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2121048     81.41%     81.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       147336      5.66%     87.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119580      4.59%     91.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        51593      1.98%     93.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64903      2.49%     96.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        61175      2.35%     98.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        35076      1.35%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2873      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1715      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2605299                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3344     11.15%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        25877     86.26%     97.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          777      2.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       851217     63.00%     63.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11695      0.87%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           80      0.01%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       321951     23.83%     87.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       166106     12.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1351049                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.471611                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29998                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022203                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5338587                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1548886                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1337304                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1381047                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2465                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16783                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           64                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1741                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          116                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        25642                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        280406                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2481                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1417707                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           40                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       332586                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       166865                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           92                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1564                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           21                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           64                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6253                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7577                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        13830                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1340063                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       320739                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10982                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             486798                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         175487                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           166059                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.467776                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1337445                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1337304                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          723881                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         1430625                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.466813                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.505989                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1076970                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1265600                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       152230                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          165                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        12069                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2579657                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.490608                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.306938                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2118590     82.13%     82.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       169806      6.58%     88.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        79115      3.07%     91.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        77764      3.01%     94.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        21124      0.82%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        89174      3.46%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6914      0.27%     99.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4938      0.19%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12232      0.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2579657                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      1076970                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1265600                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               480924                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              315800                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           167230                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         1125334                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        12265                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        12232                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3985242                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           2861336                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 45450                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                259454                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           1076970                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1265600                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      1076970                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.660012                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.660012                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.375938                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.375938                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        6616416                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1559057                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1688179                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         210116                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       171922                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22314                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        87170                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80069                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21302                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1033                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2008373                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1199424                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            210116                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       101371                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              262276                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         64197                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       217497                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          125303                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22048                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2529656                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.580620                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.918512                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2267380     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          27843      1.10%     90.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          32184      1.27%     92.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          17828      0.70%     92.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          20159      0.80%     93.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          11761      0.46%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6           7806      0.31%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          20762      0.82%     95.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         123933      4.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2529656                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.073345                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.418683                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        1991779                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       234748                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          259937                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         2074                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        41114                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        34256                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          397                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1463558                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         2154                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        41114                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        1995307                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         18511                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       207219                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          258489                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles         9012                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1461218                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         2016                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         4379                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      2032173                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      6801556                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      6801556                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1703335                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         328825                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          391                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          224                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           26297                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       140420                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        75403                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1861                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        15791                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1457221                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          393                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1367942                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1980                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       200392                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       469024                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           56                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2529656                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.540762                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.235356                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1954127     77.25%     77.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       230911      9.13%     86.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       124543      4.92%     91.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86105      3.40%     94.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75196      2.97%     97.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        38828      1.53%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9385      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6092      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4469      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2529656                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           348     11.45%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1334     43.90%     55.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1357     44.65%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1145169     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21291      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          166      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       126640      9.26%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74676      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1367942                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.477508                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3039                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002222                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5270555                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1658047                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1343160                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1370981                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3361                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27522                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           42                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2331                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           83                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        41114                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         13699                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1216                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1457621                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           16                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       140420                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75403                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          225                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents          846                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           42                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12180                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13009                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        25189                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1346195                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       118556                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21743                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             193188                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         187716                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            74632                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.469917                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1343251                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1343160                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          798855                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         2092857                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.468857                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.381705                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000147                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1227063                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       230564                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          337                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        22263                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2488542                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.493085                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.307657                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1987039     79.85%     79.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       232749      9.35%     89.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97462      3.92%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        58559      2.35%     95.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40190      1.62%     97.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26397      1.06%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13717      0.55%     98.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10766      0.43%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        21663      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2488542                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      1000147                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1227063                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               185967                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              112895                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               168                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           175579                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1106271                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        24961                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        21663                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            3924493                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           2956385                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 32780                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                335097                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           1000147                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1227063                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      1000147                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.864332                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.864332                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.349122                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.349122                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        6070472                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1866308                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1364335                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          336                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2864750                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         210788                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       172505                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22385                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        87438                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80319                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21360                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1033                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2014522                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1203233                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            210788                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       101679                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              263113                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         64410                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       208905                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          125685                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22119                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2528191                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.582817                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.921813                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2265078     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          27931      1.10%     90.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          32288      1.28%     91.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          17879      0.71%     92.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          20236      0.80%     93.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          11788      0.47%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6           7830      0.31%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          20824      0.82%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         124337      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2528191                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.073580                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.420013                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        1997919                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       226166                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          260763                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         2084                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        41255                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        34345                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          397                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1468258                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         2154                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        41255                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        2001451                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         17091                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       200049                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          259318                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles         9023                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1465904                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         2011                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         4392                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      2038795                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      6823453                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      6823453                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1708765                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         330030                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          391                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          224                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           26358                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       140858                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        75617                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1864                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        15847                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1461877                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          393                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1372303                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1981                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       201054                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       470588                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           56                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2528191                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.542800                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.237249                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1950851     77.16%     77.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       231607      9.16%     86.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       124960      4.94%     91.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86365      3.42%     94.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75449      2.98%     97.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        38948      1.54%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9412      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6119      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4480      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2528191                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           349     11.48%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1332     43.80%     55.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1360     44.72%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1148843     83.72%     83.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21361      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          166      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       127048      9.26%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74885      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1372303                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.479031                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3041                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002216                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5277819                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1663365                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1347430                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1375344                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3362                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27612                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           42                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2335                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           83                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        41255                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         12281                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1217                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1462277                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           17                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       140858                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75617                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          225                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents          847                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           42                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12219                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13052                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        25271                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1350467                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       118921                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21836                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             193764                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         188309                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            74843                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.471408                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1347521                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1347430                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          801431                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         2099841                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.470348                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.381663                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1003275                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1230931                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       231362                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          337                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        22334                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2486936                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.494959                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.309781                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1983861     79.77%     79.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       233445      9.39%     89.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97802      3.93%     93.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        58752      2.36%     95.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40312      1.62%     97.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26477      1.06%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13751      0.55%     98.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10801      0.43%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        21735      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2486936                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      1003275                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1230931                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               186528                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              113246                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               168                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           176144                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         1109733                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        25034                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        21735                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3927481                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2965849                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 32864                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                336559                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           1003275                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1230931                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      1003275                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.855399                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.855399                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.350214                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.350214                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        6089707                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1872357                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1368607                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          336                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         246749                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       205668                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24171                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        94141                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          88345                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          26106                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1110                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2137897                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1352485                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            246749                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       114451                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              281017                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         68312                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       210444                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           17                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          134488                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        23049                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2673309                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.622271                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986212                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2392292     89.49%     89.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          17101      0.64%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          21113      0.79%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          34416      1.29%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          14165      0.53%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          18792      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          21444      0.80%     94.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          10224      0.38%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         143762      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2673309                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.086133                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.472112                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        2125277                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       224496                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          279595                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles          170                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        43768                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        37227                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          166                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1652746                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts          994                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        43768                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        2127891                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles          6702                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       211353                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          277116                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles         6472                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1641825                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents          899                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         4408                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      2293641                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      7629741                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      7629741                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1882435                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         411201                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          382                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          195                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           23317                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       154971                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        79217                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads          854                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        18076                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1600675                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          383                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1524089                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1808                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       216684                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       454579                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2673309                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.570113                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.296363                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2029171     75.90%     75.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       292651     10.95%     86.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       120278      4.50%     91.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        67652      2.53%     93.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        90879      3.40%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28805      1.08%     98.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        27923      1.04%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        14753      0.55%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1197      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2673309                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10499     78.83%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1450     10.89%     89.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1369     10.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1284663     84.29%     84.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20625      1.35%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          187      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       139725      9.17%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        78889      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1524089                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.532014                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             13318                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008738                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5736613                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1817750                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1481618                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1537407                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1017                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        32654                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1439                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        43768                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles          5086                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles          686                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1601060                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1107                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       154971                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        79217                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          195                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents          605                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13579                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14137                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        27716                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1495475                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       136929                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        28614                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             215798                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         210759                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            78869                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.522026                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1481634                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1481618                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          887651                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         2385409                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.517189                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.372117                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1094935                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1349291                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       251774                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          376                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        24207                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2629541                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.513128                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.329914                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2057612     78.25%     78.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       290311     11.04%     89.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       105417      4.01%     93.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        52213      1.99%     95.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        47570      1.81%     97.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        20175      0.77%     97.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        20043      0.76%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9506      0.36%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26694      1.02%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2629541                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      1094935                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1349291                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               200093                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              122315                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               188                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           195526                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         1214879                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        27875                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        26694                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            4203912                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           3245902                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 34462                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                191444                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           1094935                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1349291                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      1094935                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.616368                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.616368                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.382209                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.382209                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        6726007                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       2072929                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1525868                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          376                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                          203                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2046.847192                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         136049                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         2251                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        60.439360                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          92.946559                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    23.137669                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   101.198080                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1829.564884                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.045384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.011298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.049413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.893342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                   396                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks            211                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                 211                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          398                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                    399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          398                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                   399                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          179                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                 203                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          179                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                  203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          179                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                 203                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     42769029                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    166112824                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     208881853                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     42769029                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    166112824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total      208881853                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     42769029                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    166112824                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total     208881853                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total               599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          211                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total             211                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total                602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total               602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.311847                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.338898                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.310225                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.337209                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.310225                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.337209                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1782042.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 928004.603352                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1028974.645320                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1782042.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 928004.603352                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1028974.645320                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1782042.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 928004.603352                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1028974.645320                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                109                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                     109                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total             203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          179                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total            203                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     40661829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    150393467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    191055296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     40661829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    150393467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    191055296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     40661829                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    150393467                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    191055296                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.311847                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.338898                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.310225                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.310225                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1694242.875000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 840186.966480                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 941159.093596                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1694242.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 840186.966480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 941159.093596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1694242.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 840186.966480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 941159.093596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                          203                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2046.844423                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         136049                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         2251                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        60.439360                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          92.940530                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    23.155303                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   101.226405                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1829.522186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.045381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.011306                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.049427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.893321                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                   396                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks            211                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                 211                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          398                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                    399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          398                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                   399                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          179                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                 203                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          179                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                  203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          179                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                 203                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     47304653                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    166174017                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     213478670                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     47304653                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    166174017                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total      213478670                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     47304653                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    166174017                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total     213478670                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total               599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          211                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total             211                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total                602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total               602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.311847                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.338898                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.310225                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.337209                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.310225                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.337209                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1971027.208333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 928346.463687                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1051619.064039                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1971027.208333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 928346.463687                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1051619.064039                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1971027.208333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 928346.463687                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1051619.064039                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                109                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                     109                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total             203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          179                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total            203                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     45196693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    150454845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    195651538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     45196693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    150454845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    195651538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     45196693                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    150454845                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    195651538                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.311847                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.338898                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.310225                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.310225                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1883195.541667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 840529.860335                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 963800.679803                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1883195.541667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 840529.860335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 963800.679803                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1883195.541667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 840529.860335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 963800.679803                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                          117                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         132606                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         2165                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        61.249885                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.781192                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    10.777504                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data    50.843563                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1943.597740                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.005262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.024826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.949022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          291                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                   291                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks             93                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                  93                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          291                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                    291                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          291                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                   291                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          104                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                 115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                  115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          104                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                 115                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8071246                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     85460695                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      93531941                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8071246                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     85460695                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total       93531941                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8071246                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     85460695                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total      93531941                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total               406                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           93                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total              93                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total                406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total               406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.263291                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.283251                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.263291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.283251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.263291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.283251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 733749.636364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 821737.451923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 813321.226087                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 733749.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 821737.451923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 813321.226087                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 733749.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 821737.451923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 813321.226087                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                 49                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                      49                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total             115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          104                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total            115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7105446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     76329495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     83434941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7105446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     76329495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     83434941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7105446                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     76329495                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     83434941                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.263291                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283251                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.263291                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283251                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.263291                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283251                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 645949.636364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 733937.451923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 725521.226087                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 645949.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 733937.451923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 725521.226087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 645949.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 733937.451923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 725521.226087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                          155                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.680751                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         119213                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         2200                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        54.187727                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.680751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    15.023370                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data    62.679956                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1940.296674                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.007336                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.030605                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.947410                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                   285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks             97                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                  97                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                    288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          287                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                   288                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          128                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                 155                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                  155                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          128                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                 155                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     51044136                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    122263777                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     173307913                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     51044136                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    122263777                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total      173307913                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     51044136                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    122263777                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total     173307913                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          412                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total               440                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           97                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total              97                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          415                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total                443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          415                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total               443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.310680                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.352273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.308434                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.349887                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.308434                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.349887                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1890523.555556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 955185.757812                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1118115.567742                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1890523.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 955185.757812                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1118115.567742                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1890523.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 955185.757812                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1118115.567742                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                 66                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                      66                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total             155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          128                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total            155                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     48672163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    111020434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    159692597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     48672163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    111020434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    159692597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     48672163                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    111020434                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    159692597                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.310680                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.352273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.308434                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349887                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.308434                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349887                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1802672.703704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 867347.140625                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1030274.819355                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1802672.703704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 867347.140625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1030274.819355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1802672.703704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 867347.140625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1030274.819355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                          365                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.954375                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         113837                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         2413                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        47.176544                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.530840                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    22.996862                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   188.216251                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1832.210422                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.011229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.091902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.894634                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                   475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks            141                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                 141                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                    478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          477                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                   478                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          336                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                 365                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          336                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                  365                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          336                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                 365                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     60988907                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    316213637                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     377202544                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     60988907                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    316213637                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total      377202544                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     60988907                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    316213637                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total     377202544                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          810                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total               840                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          141                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total             141                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          813                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total                843                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          813                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total               843                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.414815                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.434524                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.413284                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.432977                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.413284                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.432977                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2103065.758621                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 941112.014881                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1033431.627397                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2103065.758621                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 941112.014881                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1033431.627397                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2103065.758621                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 941112.014881                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1033431.627397                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                 69                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                      69                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total             365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          336                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total            365                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     58442536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    286708858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    345151394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     58442536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    286708858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    345151394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     58442536                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    286708858                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    345151394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.414815                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.434524                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.413284                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.432977                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.413284                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.432977                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2015259.862069                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 853300.172619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 945620.257534                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2015259.862069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 853300.172619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 945620.257534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2015259.862069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 853300.172619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 945620.257534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                          117                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         132606                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         2165                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        61.249885                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.780987                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    10.776298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data    50.831261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1943.611455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.005262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.024820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.949029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          291                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                   291                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks             93                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                  93                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          291                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                    291                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          291                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                   291                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          104                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                 115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                  115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          104                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                 115                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      9054380                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     86341849                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      95396229                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      9054380                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     86341849                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total       95396229                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      9054380                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     86341849                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total      95396229                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total               406                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           93                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total              93                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total                406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total               406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.263291                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.283251                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.263291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.283251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.263291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.283251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 823125.454545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 830210.086538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 829532.426087                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 823125.454545                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 830210.086538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 829532.426087                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 823125.454545                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 830210.086538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 829532.426087                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                 49                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                      49                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total             115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          104                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total            115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8088580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     77210649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     85299229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8088580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     77210649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     85299229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8088580                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     77210649                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     85299229                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.263291                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283251                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.263291                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283251                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.263291                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283251                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 735325.454545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 742410.086538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 741732.426087                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 735325.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 742410.086538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 741732.426087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 735325.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 742410.086538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 741732.426087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                          238                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.689219                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                          52167                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         2286                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        22.820210                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.217488                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    22.824836                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   112.453520                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1879.193375                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.011145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.054909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.917575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                   356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks             53                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                  53                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                    359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          358                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                   359                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          213                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                 238                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          213                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                  238                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          213                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                 238                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     62518680                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    200107939                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     262626619                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     62518680                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    200107939                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total      262626619                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     62518680                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    200107939                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total     262626619                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          568                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total               594                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           53                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total              53                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total                597                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total               597                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.400673                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.373030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.398660                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.373030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.398660                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2500747.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 939473.892019                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1103473.189076                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2500747.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 939473.892019                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1103473.189076                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2500747.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 939473.892019                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1103473.189076                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                 35                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                      35                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total             238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          213                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total            238                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     60323680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    181397356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    241721036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     60323680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    181397356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    241721036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     60323680                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    181397356                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    241721036                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.375000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.400673                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.373030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.398660                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.373030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.398660                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2412947.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 851630.779343                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1015634.605042                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2412947.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 851630.779343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1015634.605042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2412947.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 851630.779343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1015634.605042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                          162                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.668305                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         119214                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         2207                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        54.016312                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.668305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    15.170368                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data    63.300518                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1939.529114                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.007407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.030908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.947036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                   286                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks             97                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                  97                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                    289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          288                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                   289                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          134                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                 162                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                  162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          134                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                 162                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     68141119                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    132426637                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     200567756                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     68141119                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    132426637                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total      200567756                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     68141119                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    132426637                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total     200567756                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          419                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total               448                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           97                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total              97                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          422                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total                451                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total               451                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.319809                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.361607                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.317536                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.359202                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.317536                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.359202                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2433611.392857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 988258.485075                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1238072.567901                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2433611.392857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 988258.485075                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1238072.567901                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2433611.392857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 988258.485075                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1238072.567901                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                 69                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                      69                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total             162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          134                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total            162                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     65681932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    120659783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    186341715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     65681932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    120659783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    186341715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     65681932                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    120659783                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    186341715                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.319809                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.361607                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.317536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.359202                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.317536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.359202                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2345783.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 900446.141791                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1150257.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2345783.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 900446.141791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1150257.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2345783.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 900446.141791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1150257.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                          115                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         132603                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         2163                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        61.305132                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.780794                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    10.776873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data    50.653376                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1943.788957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.005262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.024733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.949116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          289                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                   289                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks             92                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                  92                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                    289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          289                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                   289                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          102                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                 113                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          102                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                  113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          102                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                 113                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7875320                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     88086393                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      95961713                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7875320                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     88086393                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total       95961713                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7875320                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     88086393                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total      95961713                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          391                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total               402                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           92                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total              92                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          391                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total                402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          391                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total               402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.260870                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.281095                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.260870                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.281095                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.260870                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.281095                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 715938.181818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 863592.088235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 849218.699115                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 715938.181818                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 863592.088235                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 849218.699115                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 715938.181818                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 863592.088235                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 849218.699115                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                 49                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                      49                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total             113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          102                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total            113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6909520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     79130518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     86040038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6909520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     79130518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     86040038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6909520                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     79130518                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     86040038                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.260870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.281095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.260870                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.281095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.260870                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.281095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 628138.181818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 775789.392157                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 761416.265487                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 628138.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 775789.392157                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 761416.265487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 628138.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 775789.392157                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 761416.265487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                          238                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.689229                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                          52166                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         2286                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        22.819773                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.217078                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    22.822652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   112.483324                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1879.166174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.011144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.054923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.917562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                   355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks             53                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                  53                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                    358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          357                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                   358                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          213                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                 238                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          213                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                  238                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          213                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                 238                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     62463466                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    200412325                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     262875791                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     62463466                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    200412325                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total      262875791                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     62463466                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    200412325                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total     262875791                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total               593                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           53                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total              53                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total                596                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total               596                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.375661                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.401349                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.373684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.399329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.373684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.399329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2498538.640000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 940902.934272                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1104520.130252                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2498538.640000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 940902.934272                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1104520.130252                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2498538.640000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 940902.934272                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1104520.130252                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                 35                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                      35                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total             238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          213                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total            238                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     60257966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    181602403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    241860369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     60257966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    181602403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    241860369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     60257966                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    181602403                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    241860369                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.375661                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.401349                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.373684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.399329                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.373684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.399329                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2410318.640000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 852593.441315                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1016220.037815                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2410318.640000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 852593.441315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1016220.037815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2410318.640000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 852593.441315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1016220.037815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                          155                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.676493                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         119213                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         2200                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        54.187727                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.676493                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    14.903968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data    62.756389                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1940.339643                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.007277                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.030643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.947431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                   285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks             97                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                  97                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                    288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          287                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                   288                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          129                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                 156                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                  156                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          129                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                 156                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     51934831                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    109533117                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     161467948                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     51934831                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    109533117                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total      161467948                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     51934831                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    109533117                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total     161467948                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          413                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total               441                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           97                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total              97                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          416                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total                444                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          416                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total               444                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.312349                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.353741                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.310096                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.351351                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.310096                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.351351                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1923512.259259                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 849093.930233                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1035050.948718                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1923512.259259                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 849093.930233                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1035050.948718                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1923512.259259                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 849093.930233                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1035050.948718                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                 66                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                      66                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total             156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          129                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total            156                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     49564231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     98294717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    147858948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     49564231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     98294717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    147858948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     49564231                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     98294717                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    147858948                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.312349                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.353741                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.310096                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.351351                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.310096                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.351351                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1835712.259259                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 761974.550388                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 947813.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1835712.259259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 761974.550388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 947813.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1835712.259259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 761974.550388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 947813.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                          368                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.950086                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         113824                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         2416                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        47.112583                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.536053                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    23.509074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   187.269454                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1832.635505                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.011479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.091440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.894842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          462                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                   463                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks            140                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                 140                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          465                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                    466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          465                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                   466                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          338                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                 368                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          338                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                  368                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          338                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                 368                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     64852978                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    333874427                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     398727405                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     64852978                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    333874427                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total      398727405                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     64852978                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    333874427                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total     398727405                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          800                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total               831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          140                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total             140                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          803                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total                834                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          803                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total               834                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.422500                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.442840                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.420922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.441247                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.420922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.441247                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2161765.933333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 987794.162722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1083498.383152                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2161765.933333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 987794.162722                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1083498.383152                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2161765.933333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 987794.162722                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1083498.383152                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                 70                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                      70                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total             368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          338                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total            368                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     62218207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    304191664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    366409871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     62218207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    304191664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    366409871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     62218207                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    304191664                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    366409871                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.422500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442840                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.420922                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441247                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.420922                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441247                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2073940.233333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 899975.337278                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 995678.997283                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2073940.233333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 899975.337278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 995678.997283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2073940.233333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 899975.337278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 995678.997283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                          368                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.949524                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         113827                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         2416                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        47.113825                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.540531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    23.496325                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   187.568527                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1832.344141                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.011473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.091586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.894699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          465                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                   466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks            140                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                 140                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          468                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                    469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          468                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                   469                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          338                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                 368                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          338                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                  368                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          338                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                 368                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     66575235                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    330701980                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     397277215                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     66575235                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    330701980                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total      397277215                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     66575235                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    330701980                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total     397277215                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          803                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total               834                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          140                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total             140                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          806                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total                837                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          806                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total               837                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.420922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.441247                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.419355                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.439665                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.419355                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.439665                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2219174.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 978408.224852                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1079557.649457                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2219174.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 978408.224852                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1079557.649457                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2219174.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 978408.224852                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1079557.649457                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                 70                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                      70                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total             368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          338                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total            368                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     63940960                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    301023870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    364964830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     63940960                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    301023870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    364964830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     63940960                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    301023870                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    364964830                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.420922                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441247                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.419355                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.439665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.419355                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.439665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2131365.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 890603.165680                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 991752.255435                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2131365.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 890603.165680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 991752.255435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2131365.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 890603.165680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 991752.255435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                          203                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2046.846439                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         136049                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         2251                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        60.439360                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          92.942821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    23.147092                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   101.241870                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1829.514656                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.045382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.011302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.049435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.893318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                   396                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks            211                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                 211                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          398                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                    399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          398                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                   399                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          179                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                 203                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          179                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                  203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          179                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                 203                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     45167964                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    166363001                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     211530965                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     45167964                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    166363001                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total      211530965                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     45167964                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    166363001                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total     211530965                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total               599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          211                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total             211                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total                602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total               602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.311847                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.338898                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.310225                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.337209                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.310225                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.337209                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1881998.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 929402.240223                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1042024.458128                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1881998.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 929402.240223                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1042024.458128                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1881998.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 929402.240223                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1042024.458128                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                109                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                     109                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total             203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          179                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total            203                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     43060764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    150644440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    193705204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     43060764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    150644440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    193705204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     43060764                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    150644440                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    193705204                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.311847                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.338898                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.310225                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.310225                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1794198.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 841589.050279                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 954212.827586                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1794198.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 841589.050279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 954212.827586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1794198.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 841589.050279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 954212.827586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                          203                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2046.843074                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         136049                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         2251                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        60.439360                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          92.945236                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    23.125294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   101.308545                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1829.463999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.045383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.011292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.049467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.893293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                   396                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks            211                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                 211                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          398                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                    399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          398                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                   399                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          179                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                 203                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          179                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                  203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          179                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                 203                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     49559579                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    161700982                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     211260561                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     49559579                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    161700982                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total      211260561                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     49559579                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    161700982                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total     211260561                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total               599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          211                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total             211                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total                602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total               602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.311847                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.338898                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.310225                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.337209                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.310225                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.337209                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2064982.458333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 903357.441341                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1040692.418719                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2064982.458333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 903357.441341                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1040692.418719                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2064982.458333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 903357.441341                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1040692.418719                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                109                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                     109                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total             203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          179                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total            203                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     47452379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    145977700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    193430079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     47452379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    145977700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    193430079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     47452379                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    145977700                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    193430079                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.311847                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.338898                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.310225                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.310225                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1977182.458333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 815517.877095                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 952857.532020                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1977182.458333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 815517.877095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 952857.532020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1977182.458333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 815517.877095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 952857.532020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                          117                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         132606                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         2165                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        61.249885                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.778171                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    10.770741                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data    50.829534                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1943.621554                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.005259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.024819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.949034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          291                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                   291                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks             93                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                  93                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          291                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                    291                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          291                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                   291                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          104                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                 115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                  115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          104                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                 115                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     11524465                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     83535669                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      95060134                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     11524465                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     83535669                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total       95060134                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     11524465                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     83535669                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total      95060134                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total               406                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           93                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total              93                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total                406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total               406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.263291                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.283251                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.263291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.283251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.263291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.283251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1047678.636364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 803227.586538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 826609.860870                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1047678.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 803227.586538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 826609.860870                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1047678.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 803227.586538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 826609.860870                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                 49                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                      49                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total             115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          104                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total            115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     10558079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     74403758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     84961837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     10558079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     74403758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     84961837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     10558079                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     74403758                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     84961837                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.263291                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283251                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.263291                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283251                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.263291                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283251                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 959825.363636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 715420.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 738798.582609                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 959825.363636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 715420.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 738798.582609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 959825.363636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 715420.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 738798.582609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              506.095151                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750133223                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1479552.708087                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    24.095151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.038614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.811050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       125261                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125261                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       125261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         125261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       125261                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        125261                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     72324019                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     72324019                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     72324019                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     72324019                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     72324019                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     72324019                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       125299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       125299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       125299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       125299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       125299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1903263.657895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1903263.657895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1903263.657895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1903263.657895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1903263.657895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1903263.657895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     43033904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     43033904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     43033904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     43033904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     43033904                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     43033904                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1721356.160000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1721356.160000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1721356.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1721356.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1721356.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1721356.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  577                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              118203531                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  833                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             141900.997599                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   182.362257                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    73.637743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.712353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.287647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        86799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         86799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        72631                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72631                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       159430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         159430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       159430                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        159430                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           65                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           65                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         2009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         2009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    764181913                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    764181913                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     31295182                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     31295182                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    795477095                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    795477095                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    795477095                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    795477095                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        88743                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        88743                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72696                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72696                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       161439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       161439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       161439                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       161439                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.021906                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021906                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000894                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000894                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 393097.691872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 393097.691872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 481464.338462                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 481464.338462                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 395956.742160                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 395956.742160                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 395956.742160                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 395956.742160                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1432                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1432                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    193529094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    193529094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    193721394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    193721394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    193721394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    193721394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 337158.700348                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337158.700348                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 335738.984402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335738.984402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 335738.984402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335738.984402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              506.113826                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              750133294                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1479552.848126                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    24.113826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.038644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.811080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       125332                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125332                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       125332                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         125332                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       125332                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        125332                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     79704123                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     79704123                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     79704123                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     79704123                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     79704123                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     79704123                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       125370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       125370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       125370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       125370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       125370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2097476.921053                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2097476.921053                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2097476.921053                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2097476.921053                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2097476.921053                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2097476.921053                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     47578734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     47578734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     47578734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     47578734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     47578734                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     47578734                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1903149.360000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1903149.360000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1903149.360000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1903149.360000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1903149.360000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1903149.360000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  577                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              118203643                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                  833                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             141901.132053                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   182.478207                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    73.521793                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.712805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.287195                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        86861                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         86861                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        72681                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72681                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       159542                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         159542                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       159542                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        159542                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           65                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           65                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         2009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         2009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    765832968                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    765832968                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     42169547                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     42169547                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    808002515                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    808002515                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    808002515                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    808002515                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        88805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        88805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        72746                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72746                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       161551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       161551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       161551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       161551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.021891                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021891                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000894                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000894                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012436                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012436                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012436                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012436                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       393947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       393947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 648762.261538                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 648762.261538                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 402191.396217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 402191.396217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 402191.396217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 402191.396217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1432                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1432                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    193580017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    193580017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    193772317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    193772317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    193772317                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    193772317                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006464                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006464                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003572                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003572                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003572                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003572                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 337247.416376                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337247.416376                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 335827.239168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335827.239168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 335827.239168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335827.239168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              465.776683                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              753010712                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  466                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1615902.815451                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    10.776683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.017270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.746437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       134460                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        134460                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       134460                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         134460                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       134460                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        134460                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      9624471                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9624471                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      9624471                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9624471                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      9624471                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9624471                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       134475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       134475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       134475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       134475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       134475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       134475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000112                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 641631.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 641631.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 641631.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 641631.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 641631.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 641631.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8177746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8177746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8177746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8177746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8177746                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8177746                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 743431.454545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 743431.454545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 743431.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 743431.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 743431.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 743431.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  395                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              109344816                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  651                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             167964.387097                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   133.637270                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   122.362730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.522021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.477979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       105155                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        105155                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        77399                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        77399                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          188                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          188                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       182554                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         182554                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       182554                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        182554                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1020                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1020                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1020                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         1020                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1020                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         1020                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    245058865                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    245058865                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    245058865                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    245058865                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    245058865                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    245058865                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       106175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       106175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        77399                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        77399                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          188                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          188                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       183574                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       183574                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       183574                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       183574                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009607                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009607                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 240253.789216                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 240253.789216                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 240253.789216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 240253.789216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 240253.789216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 240253.789216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           93                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total              93                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          625                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          625                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          395                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          395                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    105274429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    105274429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    105274429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    105274429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    105274429                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    105274429                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003720                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003720                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002152                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002152                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 266517.541772                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 266517.541772                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 266517.541772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 266517.541772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 266517.541772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 266517.541772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              490.127806                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              749565504                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1490189.868787                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    15.127806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.024243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.785461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       131561                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        131561                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       131561                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         131561                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       131561                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        131561                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     56231273                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     56231273                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     56231273                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     56231273                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     56231273                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     56231273                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       131597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       131597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       131597                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       131597                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       131597                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       131597                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000274                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000274                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1561979.805556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1561979.805556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1561979.805556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1561979.805556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1561979.805556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1561979.805556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       255554                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       255554                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     51366003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51366003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     51366003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51366003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     51366003                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51366003                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1834500.107143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1834500.107143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1834500.107143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1834500.107143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1834500.107143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1834500.107143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  415                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              113243456                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  671                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             168768.190760                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   141.571502                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   114.428498                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.553014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.446986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        89312                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         89312                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        74264                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        74264                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          178                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          178                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       163576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         163576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       163576                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        163576                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1310                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1310                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1326                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         1326                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1326                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         1326                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    479020734                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    479020734                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1340008                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1340008                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    480360742                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    480360742                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    480360742                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    480360742                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        90622                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90622                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        74280                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        74280                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          178                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          178                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       164902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       164902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       164902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       164902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.014456                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014456                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000215                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 365664.682443                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 365664.682443                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 83750.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83750.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 362263.003017                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 362263.003017                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 362263.003017                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 362263.003017                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total              97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          911                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          911                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          415                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          415                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    141822068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    141822068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       202104                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       202104                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    142024172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    142024172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    142024172                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    142024172                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004546                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004546                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 344228.320388                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 344228.320388                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data        67368                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        67368                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 342226.920482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342226.920482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 342226.920482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342226.920482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              565.380767                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              768703254                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  573                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1341541.455497                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    23.612969                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   541.767798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.037841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.868218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.906059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       119922                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        119922                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       119922                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         119922                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       119922                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        119922                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     85245481                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     85245481                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     85245481                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     85245481                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     85245481                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     85245481                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       119970                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119970                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       119970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       119970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       119970                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       119970                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000400                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000400                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000400                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000400                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000400                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000400                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1775947.520833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1775947.520833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1775947.520833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1775947.520833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1775947.520833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1775947.520833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       529626                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       529626                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     61295798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61295798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     61295798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     61295798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     61295798                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     61295798                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000250                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000250                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000250                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000250                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000250                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000250                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2043193.266667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2043193.266667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2043193.266667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2043193.266667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2043193.266667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2043193.266667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  813                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              289294709                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 1069                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             270621.804490                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   110.647861                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   145.352139                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.432218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.567782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       308503                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        308503                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       167890                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       167890                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           85                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           85                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       476393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         476393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       476393                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        476393                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2931                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2931                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2941                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         2941                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2941                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         2941                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1380843807                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1380843807                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       768360                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       768360                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1381612167                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1381612167                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1381612167                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1381612167                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       311434                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       311434                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       167900                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       167900                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           85                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           85                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       479334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       479334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       479334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       479334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009411                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009411                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000060                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000060                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 471116.959058                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 471116.959058                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        76836                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        76836                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 469776.323359                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 469776.323359                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 469776.323359                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 469776.323359                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          141                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             141                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2128                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2128                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          813                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          813                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    351332189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    351332189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       204728                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       204728                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    351536917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    351536917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    351536917                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    351536917                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002601                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002601                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001696                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001696                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001696                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001696                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 433743.443210                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 433743.443210                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 68242.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68242.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 432394.731857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 432394.731857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 432394.731857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 432394.731857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              465.775480                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              753010692                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  466                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1615902.772532                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    10.775480                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.017268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.746435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       134440                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        134440                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       134440                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         134440                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       134440                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        134440                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     11043552                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11043552                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     11043552                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     11043552                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     11043552                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     11043552                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       134456                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       134456                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       134456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       134456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       134456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       134456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000119                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst       690222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       690222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst       690222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       690222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst       690222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       690222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      9156880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9156880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      9156880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9156880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      9156880                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9156880                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 832443.636364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 832443.636364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 832443.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 832443.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 832443.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 832443.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  395                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              109344798                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  651                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             167964.359447                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   133.612944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   122.387056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.521926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.478074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       105143                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        105143                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        77393                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        77393                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          188                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          188                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       182536                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         182536                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       182536                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        182536                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1020                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1020                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1020                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         1020                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1020                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         1020                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    244313220                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    244313220                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    244313220                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    244313220                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    244313220                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    244313220                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       106163                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       106163                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        77393                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        77393                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          188                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          188                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       183556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       183556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       183556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       183556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009608                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009608                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005557                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005557                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005557                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005557                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 239522.764706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 239522.764706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 239522.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 239522.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 239522.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 239522.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           93                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total              93                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          625                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          625                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          395                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          395                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    106157792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    106157792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    106157792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    106157792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    106157792                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    106157792                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003721                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003721                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002152                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002152                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 268753.903797                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 268753.903797                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 268753.903797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 268753.903797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 268753.903797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 268753.903797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              548.824566                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              646508473                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  552                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1171211.001812                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    23.708189                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   525.116377                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.037994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.841533                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.879527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       124912                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124912                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       124912                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         124912                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       124912                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        124912                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     87334245                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     87334245                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     87334245                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     87334245                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     87334245                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     87334245                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       124947                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124947                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       124947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       124947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       124947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       124947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2495264.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2495264.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2495264.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2495264.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2495264.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2495264.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     62792186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62792186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     62792186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     62792186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     62792186                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     62792186                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2415084.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2415084.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2415084.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2415084.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2415084.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2415084.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  571                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              151267422                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                  827                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             182911.030230                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   151.814639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   104.185361                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.593026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.406974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       185845                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        185845                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           76                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           76                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       217656                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         217656                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       217656                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        217656                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2011                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2011                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           11                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           11                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2022                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         2022                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2022                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         2022                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1036304166                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1036304166                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       940454                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       940454                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1037244620                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1037244620                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1037244620                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1037244620                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       187856                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       187856                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        31822                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31822                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           76                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           76                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       219678                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       219678                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       219678                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       219678                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.010705                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010705                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000346                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000346                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009204                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009204                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 515317.834908                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 515317.834908                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 85495.818182                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85495.818182                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 512979.535114                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 512979.535114                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 512979.535114                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 512979.535114                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           53                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total              53                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1451                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1451                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          571                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          571                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    225234753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    225234753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    225427053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    225427053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    225427053                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    225427053                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 396540.058099                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 396540.058099                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 394793.437828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 394793.437828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 394793.437828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 394793.437828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              490.278908                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              749565319                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1487232.775794                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    15.278908                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.024485                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.785703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       131376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        131376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       131376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         131376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       131376                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        131376                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     75088761                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     75088761                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     75088761                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     75088761                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     75088761                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     75088761                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       131414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       131414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       131414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       131414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       131414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       131414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000289                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000289                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000289                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000289                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000289                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000289                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1976020.026316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1976020.026316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1976020.026316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1976020.026316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1976020.026316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1976020.026316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       261437                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       261437                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     68438134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68438134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     68438134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68438134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     68438134                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68438134                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000221                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000221                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000221                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000221                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000221                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000221                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2359935.655172                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2359935.655172                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2359935.655172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2359935.655172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2359935.655172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2359935.655172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  422                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              113243618                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  678                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             167025.985251                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   142.183086                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   113.816914                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.555403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.444597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        89302                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         89302                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        74432                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        74432                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       163734                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         163734                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       163734                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        163734                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1323                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1323                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         1339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1339                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         1339                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    493576011                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    493576011                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1265142                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1265142                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    494841153                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    494841153                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    494841153                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    494841153                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        90625                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90625                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        74448                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        74448                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       165073                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       165073                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       165073                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       165073                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.014599                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014599                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000215                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 373073.326531                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 373073.326531                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 79071.375000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79071.375000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 369560.233757                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 369560.233757                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 369560.233757                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 369560.233757                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total              97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          917                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          917                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          422                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          422                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    152120146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    152120146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    152312446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    152312446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    152312446                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    152312446                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004623                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004623                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 363055.241050                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 363055.241050                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 360929.966825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 360929.966825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 360929.966825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 360929.966825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              465.776064                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              753010280                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  466                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1615901.888412                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    10.776064                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.017269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.746436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       134028                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        134028                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       134028                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         134028                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       134028                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        134028                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     10377400                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10377400                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     10377400                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10377400                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     10377400                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10377400                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       134044                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       134044                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       134044                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       134044                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       134044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       134044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000119                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 648587.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 648587.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 648587.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 648587.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 648587.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 648587.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7966820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7966820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7966820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7966820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7966820                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7966820                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 724256.363636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 724256.363636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 724256.363636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 724256.363636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 724256.363636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 724256.363636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  391                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              109344254                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                  647                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             169001.938176                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   133.452751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   122.547249                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.521300                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.478700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       104844                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        104844                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        77152                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        77152                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          186                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          186                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       181996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         181996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       181996                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        181996                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1010                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1010                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1010                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         1010                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1010                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         1010                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    255428736                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    255428736                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    255428736                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    255428736                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    255428736                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    255428736                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       105854                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       105854                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        77152                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        77152                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          186                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          186                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       183006                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       183006                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       183006                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       183006                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009541                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009541                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005519                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005519                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005519                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005519                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 252899.738614                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 252899.738614                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 252899.738614                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 252899.738614                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 252899.738614                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 252899.738614                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           92                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total              92                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          619                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          619                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          391                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          391                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    107757385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    107757385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    107757385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    107757385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    107757385                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    107757385                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003694                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003694                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002137                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002137                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002137                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002137                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 275594.335038                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 275594.335038                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 275594.335038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 275594.335038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 275594.335038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 275594.335038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              548.822374                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              646508388                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  552                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1171210.847826                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    23.705914                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   525.116460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.037990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.841533                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.879523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       124827                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124827                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       124827                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         124827                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       124827                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        124827                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     87268617                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     87268617                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     87268617                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     87268617                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     87268617                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     87268617                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       124862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       124862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       124862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       124862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       124862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2493389.057143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2493389.057143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2493389.057143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2493389.057143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2493389.057143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2493389.057143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     62736965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62736965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     62736965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     62736965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     62736965                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     62736965                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2412960.192308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2412960.192308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2412960.192308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2412960.192308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2412960.192308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2412960.192308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  570                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              151267250                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                  826                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             183132.263923                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   151.806084                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   104.193916                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.592993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.407007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       185675                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        185675                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        31809                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        31809                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           76                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           76                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       217484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         217484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       217484                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        217484                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2010                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2010                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           11                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           11                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2021                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         2021                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2021                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         2021                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1033263389                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1033263389                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       940473                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       940473                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1034203862                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1034203862                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1034203862                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1034203862                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       187685                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       187685                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        31820                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31820                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           76                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           76                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       219505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       219505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       219505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       219505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.010709                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010709                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000346                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000346                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 514061.387562                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 514061.387562                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 85497.545455                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85497.545455                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 511728.778822                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 511728.778822                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 511728.778822                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 511728.778822                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           53                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total              53                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1451                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1451                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    225482271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    225482271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    225674571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    225674571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    225674571                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    225674571                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002597                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002597                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 397675.962963                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 397675.962963                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 395920.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 395920.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 395920.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 395920.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              490.009751                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              749565508                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1490189.876740                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    15.009751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.024054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.785272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       131565                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        131565                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       131565                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         131565                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       131565                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        131565                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     69311737                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     69311737                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     69311737                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     69311737                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     69311737                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     69311737                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       131605                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       131605                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       131605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       131605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       131605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       131605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1732793.425000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1732793.425000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1732793.425000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1732793.425000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1732793.425000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1732793.425000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     52223232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     52223232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     52223232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     52223232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     52223232                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     52223232                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1865115.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1865115.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1865115.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1865115.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1865115.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1865115.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  415                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              113243635                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  671                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             168768.457526                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   141.655780                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   114.344220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.553343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.446657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        89404                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         89404                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        74351                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        74351                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          178                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          178                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       163755                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         163755                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       163755                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        163755                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1316                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1316                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1330                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         1330                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1330                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         1330                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    445632041                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    445632041                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1156692                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1156692                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    446788733                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    446788733                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    446788733                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    446788733                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        90720                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90720                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        74365                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        74365                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          178                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          178                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       165085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       165085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       165085                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       165085                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.014506                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014506                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000188                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000188                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 338626.170973                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 338626.170973                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 82620.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82620.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 335931.378195                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 335931.378195                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 335931.378195                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 335931.378195                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total              97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          914                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          914                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          416                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          416                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    129123534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    129123534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    129315834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    129315834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    129315834                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    129315834                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004552                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004552                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002520                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002520                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002520                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002520                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 312647.782082                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 312647.782082                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 310855.370192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 310855.370192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 310855.370192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 310855.370192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              565.899018                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              768701551                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  574                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1339201.308362                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    24.118967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   541.780051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.038652                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.868237                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.906889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       118219                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        118219                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       118219                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         118219                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       118219                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        118219                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     90050611                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     90050611                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     90050611                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     90050611                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     90050611                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     90050611                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       118266                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       118266                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       118266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       118266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       118266                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       118266                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000397                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000397                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000397                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000397                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000397                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000397                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1915970.446809                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1915970.446809                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1915970.446809                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1915970.446809                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1915970.446809                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1915970.446809                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1205237                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 602618.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     65180598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65180598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     65180598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65180598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     65180598                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65180598                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000262                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000262                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000262                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000262                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000262                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000262                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2102599.935484                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2102599.935484                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2102599.935484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2102599.935484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2102599.935484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2102599.935484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  803                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              289285077                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 1059                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             273168.155807                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   110.371451                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   145.628549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.431138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.568862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       302151                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        302151                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       164611                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       164611                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       466762                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         466762                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       466762                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        466762                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2894                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2894                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2904                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         2904                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2904                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         2904                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1460901114                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1460901114                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       765468                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       765468                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1461666582                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1461666582                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1461666582                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1461666582                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       305045                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       305045                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       164621                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       164621                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       469666                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       469666                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       469666                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       469666                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009487                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009487                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000061                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000061                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006183                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006183                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006183                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006183                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 504803.425708                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 504803.425708                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 76546.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76546.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 503328.712810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 503328.712810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 503328.712810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 503328.712810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          140                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             140                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2101                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2101                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          803                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          803                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    368190201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    368190201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    368382501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    368382501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    368382501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    368382501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002623                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002623                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001710                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001710                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001710                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001710                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 460237.751250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 460237.751250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 458757.784558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 458757.784558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 458757.784558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 458757.784558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              565.887394                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              768701930                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  574                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1339201.968641                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    24.105117                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   541.782276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.038630                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.868241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.906871                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       118598                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        118598                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       118598                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         118598                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       118598                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        118598                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     93327237                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     93327237                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     93327237                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     93327237                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     93327237                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     93327237                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       118644                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       118644                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       118644                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       118644                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       118644                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       118644                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000388                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000388                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2028852.978261                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2028852.978261                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2028852.978261                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2028852.978261                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2028852.978261                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2028852.978261                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1218315                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 609157.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     66906636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66906636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     66906636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     66906636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     66906636                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     66906636                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000261                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000261                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000261                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000261                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000261                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000261                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2158278.580645                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2158278.580645                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2158278.580645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2158278.580645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2158278.580645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2158278.580645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  806                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              289285733                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 1062                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             272397.112053                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   110.486111                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   145.513889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.431586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.568414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       302481                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        302481                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       164937                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       164937                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       467418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         467418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       467418                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        467418                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2951                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2951                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         2961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2961                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         2961                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1434896208                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1434896208                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       768138                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       768138                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1435664346                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1435664346                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1435664346                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1435664346                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       305432                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       305432                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       164947                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       164947                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       470379                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       470379                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       470379                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       470379                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009662                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009662                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000061                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000061                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006295                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006295                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006295                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006295                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 486240.666893                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 486240.666893                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 76813.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76813.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 484857.935157                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 484857.935157                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 484857.935157                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 484857.935157                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          140                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             140                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2155                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2155                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          806                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          806                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    365273117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    365273117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    365465417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    365465417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    365465417                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    365465417                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001714                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001714                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001714                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001714                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 454885.575342                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454885.575342                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 453431.038462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453431.038462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 453431.038462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453431.038462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              506.105211                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              750133224                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1479552.710059                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    24.105211                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.038630                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.811066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       125262                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125262                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       125262                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         125262                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       125262                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        125262                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     71979941                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     71979941                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     71979941                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     71979941                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     71979941                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     71979941                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       125303                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125303                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       125303                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       125303                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       125303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       125303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000327                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000327                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000327                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000327                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000327                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000327                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1755608.317073                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1755608.317073                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1755608.317073                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1755608.317073                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1755608.317073                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1755608.317073                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     45446186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45446186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     45446186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     45446186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     45446186                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     45446186                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1817847.440000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1817847.440000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1817847.440000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1817847.440000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1817847.440000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1817847.440000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  577                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              118203547                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                  833                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             141901.016807                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   182.426420                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    73.573580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.712603                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.287397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        86806                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         86806                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        72640                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72640                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       159446                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         159446                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       159446                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        159446                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           65                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           65                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         2009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         2009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    780967993                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    780967993                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     31292644                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     31292644                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    812260637                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    812260637                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    812260637                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    812260637                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        88750                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        88750                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        72705                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72705                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       161455                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       161455                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       161455                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       161455                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.021904                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021904                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000894                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000894                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012443                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012443                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012443                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012443                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 401732.506687                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 401732.506687                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 481425.292308                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 481425.292308                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 404310.919363                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 404310.919363                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 404310.919363                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 404310.919363                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1432                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1432                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    193770897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    193770897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    193963197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    193963197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    193963197                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    193963197                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 337579.959930                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337579.959930                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 336158.053726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 336158.053726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 336158.053726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 336158.053726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              506.082311                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              750133605                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1479553.461538                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    24.082311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.038593                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.811029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       125643                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125643                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       125643                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         125643                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       125643                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        125643                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     85542590                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     85542590                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     85542590                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     85542590                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     85542590                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     85542590                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       125685                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125685                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       125685                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       125685                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       125685                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       125685                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000334                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000334                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000334                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000334                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000334                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000334                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2036728.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2036728.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2036728.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2036728.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2036728.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2036728.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     49824431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49824431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     49824431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     49824431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     49824431                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     49824431                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1992977.240000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1992977.240000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1992977.240000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1992977.240000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1992977.240000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1992977.240000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  577                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              118204010                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                  833                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             141901.572629                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   182.237999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    73.762001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.711867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.288133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        87059                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         87059                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        72850                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72850                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       159909                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         159909                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       159909                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        159909                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           65                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           65                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         2009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         2009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    752163235                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    752163235                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     53048654                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     53048654                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    805211889                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    805211889                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    805211889                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    805211889                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        89003                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        89003                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        72915                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72915                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       161918                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       161918                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       161918                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       161918                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021842                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021842                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000891                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000891                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012408                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012408                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012408                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012408                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 386915.244342                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 386915.244342                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 816133.138462                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 816133.138462                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 400802.333997                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 400802.333997                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 400802.333997                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 400802.333997                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1432                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1432                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    189103189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    189103189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    189295489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    189295489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    189295489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    189295489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006449                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006449                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003564                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003564                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003564                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003564                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 329448.064460                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 329448.064460                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 328068.438475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 328068.438475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 328068.438475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 328068.438475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              465.769932                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              753010726                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  466                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1615902.845494                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    10.769932                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.017260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.746426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       134474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        134474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       134474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         134474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       134474                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        134474                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     12815435                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     12815435                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     12815435                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     12815435                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     12815435                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     12815435                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       134488                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       134488                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       134488                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       134488                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       134488                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       134488                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000104                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000104                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000104                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 915388.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 915388.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 915388.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 915388.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 915388.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 915388.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     11615965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11615965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     11615965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11615965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     11615965                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11615965                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1055996.818182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1055996.818182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1055996.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1055996.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1055996.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1055996.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  395                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              109344833                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                  651                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             167964.413210                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   133.561135                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   122.438865                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.521723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.478277                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       105168                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        105168                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        77403                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        77403                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          188                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          188                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       182571                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         182571                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       182571                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        182571                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1020                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1020                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1020                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         1020                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1020                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         1020                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    244127927                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    244127927                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    244127927                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    244127927                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    244127927                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    244127927                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       106188                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       106188                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        77403                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        77403                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          188                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          188                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       183591                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       183591                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       183591                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       183591                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009606                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009606                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 239341.104902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 239341.104902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 239341.104902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 239341.104902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 239341.104902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 239341.104902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           93                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total              93                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          625                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          625                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          395                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          395                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    103349558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    103349558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    103349558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    103349558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    103349558                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    103349558                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003720                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003720                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002152                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002152                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 261644.450633                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 261644.450633                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 261644.450633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 261644.450633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 261644.450633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 261644.450633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
