
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.106038                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                106038390819                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               632225375583                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 207079                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   264590                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1279212                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67760100                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 82893.55                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17165511579                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   21932787031                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      1053312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      3554944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      2241920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      2225152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      2229760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      1053952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         5632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      1463936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      1053824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      2227712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      2234368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      4188544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      2227840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      4180096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      2246656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      2221440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      1468160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             35948672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         5632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           77056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     10889472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          10889472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         8229                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        27773                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        17515                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        17384                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        17420                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         8234                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           44                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        11437                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         8233                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        17404                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        17456                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        32723                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        17405                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        32657                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        17552                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        17355                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        11470                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                280849                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           85074                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                85074                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        47077                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data      9933308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        45870                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     33525066                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        43456                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     21142531                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        41042                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     20984400                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        42249                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     21027856                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        48284                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data      9939344                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        53113                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     13805717                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        47077                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data      9938136                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        42249                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     21008542                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        43456                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     21071312                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        47077                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     39500260                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        42249                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     21009749                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        47077                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     39420591                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        43456                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     21187194                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        41042                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     20949394                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        51906                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     13845551                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               339015631                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        47077                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        45870                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        43456                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        41042                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        42249                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        48284                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        53113                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        47077                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        42249                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        43456                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        47077                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        42249                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        47077                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        43456                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        41042                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        51906                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             726680                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         102693675                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              102693675                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         102693675                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        47077                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data      9933308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        45870                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     33525066                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        43456                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     21142531                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        41042                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     20984400                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        42249                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     21027856                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        48284                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data      9939344                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        53113                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     13805717                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        47077                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data      9938136                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        42249                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     21008542                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        43456                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     21071312                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        47077                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     39500260                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        42249                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     21009749                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        47077                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     39420591                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        43456                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     21187194                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        41042                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     20949394                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        51906                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     13845551                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              441709306                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       22060620                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18366979                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2002116                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8468346                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8081150                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2374213                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        93139                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191893974                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            120995194                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          22060620                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     10455363                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            25227486                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5574390                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles     17498725                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4675                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           92                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        11914384                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1913605                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    238179062                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624382                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986932                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      212951576     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        1547630      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        1952721      0.82%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        3094306      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        1308168      0.55%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        1685593      0.71%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6        1950111      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         894211      0.38%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       12794746      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    238179062                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.086754                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.475818                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      190768596                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles     18737892                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        25107204                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        11803                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3553565                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      3358705                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          545                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    147911897                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         2616                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3553565                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      190962895                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        617936                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles     17578620                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        24924706                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       541336                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    146996614                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          144                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        77504                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       377788                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    205287437                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    683604694                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    683604694                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    171886503                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       33400903                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        35612                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18564                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         1904832                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     13768422                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      7200163                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        81173                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores      1634654                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        143514368                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35742                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       137728963                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       127494                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17333671                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35242874                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1351                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    238179062                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578258                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302302                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    179817623     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     26614820     11.17%     86.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10889848      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6097130      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8265971      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2540963      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2500316      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1346666      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       105725      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    238179062                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        938851     78.83%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead       129352     10.86%     89.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122801     10.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    116029801     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1883334      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17047      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12620453      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7178328      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    137728963                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.541624                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1191004                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008647                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    514955485                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160884445                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134142367                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    138919967                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       102304                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2596488                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           33                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          666                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100827                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3553565                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        469722                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        59457                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143550119                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       114124                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13768422                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7200163                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18565                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        52060                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           60                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          666                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1183158                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1126339                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      2309497                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    135327333                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12415910                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2401629                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           19593565                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       19141123                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          7177655                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.532180                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            134142815                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           134142367                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        80386936                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       215922002                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.527520                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.372296                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    123223305                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20327381                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34391                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      2019259                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234625497                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525191                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343956                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    182472676     77.77%     77.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26431895     11.27%     89.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9592266      4.09%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4782050      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4375914      1.87%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1835531      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1817990      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       865923      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2451252      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234625497                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    123223305                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             18271267                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            11171934                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars             17156                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17860911                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       110941122                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      2544540                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      2451252                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          375724229                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         290654975                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               2908207                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              16109646                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           123223305                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.542887                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.542887                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.393254                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.393254                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      608911849                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     187442523                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     136792357                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        34362                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 44                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       17868373                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     14611910                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1746386                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7581233                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7072526                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1839979                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        77718                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    173534916                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            101317379                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          17868373                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      8912505                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            21248062                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       5058337                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      8056645                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        10670347                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1757458                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    206112951                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600705                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944592                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      184864889     89.69%     89.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        1154490      0.56%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        1822855      0.88%     91.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        2887472      1.40%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        1210765      0.59%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        1360497      0.66%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6        1428458      0.69%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         933971      0.45%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       10449554      5.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    206112951                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.070268                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.398434                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      171904732                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      9700029                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        21182000                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        53320                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      3272868                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      2930076                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          436                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    123734515                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         2809                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      3272868                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      172157195                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       1977474                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      6957197                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        20987527                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       760688                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    123652632                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents        38638                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents       212312                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       273810                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents        63794                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    171643478                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    575212959                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    575212959                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    146677977                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       24965501                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        32098                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17913                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         2216544                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     11798976                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      6339519                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads       191458                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores      1438978                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        123480579                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        32194                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       116965041                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       148433                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15495976                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     34393673                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3593                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    206112951                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567480                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260437                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156749885     76.05%     76.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     19837602      9.62%     85.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10841676      5.26%     90.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7376486      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6890704      3.34%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1994136      0.97%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1535312      0.74%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       527939      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       359211      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    206112951                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27236     12.65%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        82464     38.30%     50.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       105626     49.05%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     97979891     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1845749      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14182      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     10819781      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6305438      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    116965041                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.459969                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            215326                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001841                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    440406792                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    139010043                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    115092847                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    117180367                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       354621                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2117980                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          326                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1319                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       185282                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7298                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           32                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      3272868                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       1217016                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       106677                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    123512911                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        48321                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     11798976                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6339519                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17907                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        79121                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           22                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1319                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1022342                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       993745                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      2016087                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    115307338                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10175295                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1657703                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                 138                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           16479125                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       16234096                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          6303830                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.453450                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            115093703                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           115092847                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        67294641                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       175768220                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.452607                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.382860                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     86158077                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    105607931                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     17905522                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        28601                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      1783708                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    202840083                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520646                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372685                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    159969490     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     20758149     10.23%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8084726      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4355837      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3262490      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1821381      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1121846      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1004434      0.50%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2461730      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    202840083                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     86158077                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    105607931                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             15835233                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             9680996                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars             14270                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         15159671                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        95160547                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      2145411                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      2461730                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          323891234                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         250299965                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               2811686                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              48175757                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          86158077                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           105607931                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     86158077                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.951420                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.951420                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.338820                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.338820                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      520000202                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     159531868                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     115416830                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        28574                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 47                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       18675086                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15317660                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1831287                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7862975                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7302838                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1918739                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        82702                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    178414271                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            106096364                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          18675086                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      9221577                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            23347115                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       5190481                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles     16724814                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        10990903                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1820374                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    221813136                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.584818                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.921339                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      198466021     89.47%     89.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        2531568      1.14%     90.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        2934324      1.32%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        1612654      0.73%     92.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        1846773      0.83%     93.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        1027205      0.46%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         697867      0.31%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7        1801924      0.81%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       10894800      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    221813136                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.073440                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.417228                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      176960084                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles     18206447                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        23151874                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles       184894                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      3309835                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      3027840                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred        17103                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    129510219                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts        84764                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      3309835                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      177243446                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       6235145                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles     11178159                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        23060828                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       785721                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    129429941                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          193                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents       201448                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       362396                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    179891025                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    602565902                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    602565902                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    153771115                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       26119910                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        34202                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19195                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         2109073                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     12365805                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      6729345                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads       176578                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores      1492788                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        129221840                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34297                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       122204958                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       172266                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16011910                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36883511                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4091                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    221813136                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.550937                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243568                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    170305651     76.78%     76.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20726585      9.34%     86.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11137421      5.02%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7701403      3.47%     94.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6726906      3.03%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3438403      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       838302      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       537849      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       400616      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    221813136                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         32682     12.46%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead       111318     42.43%     54.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       118352     45.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    102293423     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1908181      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14975      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11306849      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6681530      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    122204958                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.480576                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            262352                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002147                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    466657670                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    145269191                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    120170709                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    122467310                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       308360                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2176636                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          728                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1145                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       136771                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7487                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         3961                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      3309835                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       5801397                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles       136539                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    129256253                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        62319                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12365805                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6729345                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19209                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        96194                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1145                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1065441                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1023146                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      2088587                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    120399645                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10620905                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1805313                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                 116                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           17300956                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       16851979                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          6680051                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.473476                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            120172749                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           120170709                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        71430541                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       187014301                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.472576                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.381952                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     90298867                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    110785811                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18471713                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30206                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      1841768                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    218503301                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507021                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323368                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    173238912     79.28%     79.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     20991499      9.61%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8796331      4.03%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5289077      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3657905      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2366216      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1224259      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       986651      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1952451      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    218503301                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     90298867                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    110785811                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             16781743                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            10189169                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars             15070                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         15855346                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        99877872                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      2253957                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      1952451                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          345807763                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         261824951                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               2732859                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              32475572                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          90298867                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           110785811                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     90298867                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.816079                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.816079                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.355104                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.355104                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      543129030                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     166794230                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     120882831                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        30178                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       17463174                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15588262                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1388728                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     11645055                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11391510                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1050150                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        42278                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    184427979                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             99149200                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          17463174                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches     12441660                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            22105749                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       4551417                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      7437320                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        11157274                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1362999                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    217125904                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511710                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.747745                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      195020155     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        3367965      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        1699785      0.78%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        3331820      1.53%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        1070297      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        3088184      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         486270      0.22%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         788712      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        8272716      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    217125904                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.068675                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.389908                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      182666543                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      9241284                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        22061897                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        17697                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      3138479                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      1653342                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred        16377                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    110928440                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts        31047                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      3138479                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      182866687                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       6008395                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      2597061                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        21863488                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       651790                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    110767131                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          198                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        86305                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       499657                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    145181695                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    502016586                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    502016586                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    117830574                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       27351104                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        14912                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7558                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         1499631                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     19963757                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      3249147                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20646                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       737531                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        110193276                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        14964                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       103217746                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        67406                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19808281                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40551218                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          128                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    217125904                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475382                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088892                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    171871524     79.16%     79.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14237875      6.56%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15175958      6.99%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8766006      4.04%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4531730      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1137146      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1348416      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        31201      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        26048      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    217125904                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        173194     57.16%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        71345     23.55%     80.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        58461     19.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     80948270     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       809829      0.78%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7356      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     18231140     17.66%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3221151      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    103217746                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.405908                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            303000                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002936                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    423931800                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    130016798                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    100606880                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    103520746                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        82096                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4052711                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          107                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          284                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        75976                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      3138479                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       5265578                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        78064                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    110208317                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         9365                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     19963757                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3249147                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7553                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        37297                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2075                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          284                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       937270                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       535142                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      1472412                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    101910120                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     17968989                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1307624                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  77                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           21190006                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       15494736                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          3221017                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.400765                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            100630681                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           100606880                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        60874741                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       132654494                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.395640                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.458897                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     80164135                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     90261885                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19950893                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14836                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      1379968                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    213987425                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421809                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289549                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    180382370     84.30%     84.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13204629      6.17%     90.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8483081      3.96%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2668381      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4427535      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       865660      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       548348      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       501945      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2905476      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    213987425                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     80164135                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     90261885                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             19084213                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            15911042                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              7402                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         13849468                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        78882722                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      1129562                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      2905476                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          321294428                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         223566509                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               4115433                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              37162804                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          80164135                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            90261885                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     80164135                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     3.172101                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               3.172101                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.315249                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.315249                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      473688884                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     131102168                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     117799868                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        14822                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              254286375                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       17500764                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15619167                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1388304                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     11565204                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11402427                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1047457                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        41868                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    184689263                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             99377605                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          17500764                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches     12449884                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            22146837                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       4562455                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      7465362                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        11171785                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1362701                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    217467773                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.512090                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.748756                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      195320936     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        3374570      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        1704848      0.78%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        3334293      1.53%     93.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        1068156      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        3083511      1.42%     95.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         485343      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         795221      0.37%     96.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        8300895      3.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    217467773                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.068823                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.390810                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      182919535                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      9277261                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        22103314                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        17760                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      3149899                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      1660756                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred        16413                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    111186898                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts        31211                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      3149899                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      183122279                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       6006144                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      2633541                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        21902216                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       653690                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    111022735                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          198                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        85110                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       501873                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    145494665                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    503118329                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    503118329                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    118015260                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       27479283                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        14907                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7539                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         1506060                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     19991300                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      3260405                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20085                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       742906                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        110438435                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        14960                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       103445863                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        72196                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19915210                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40691076                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          100                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    217467773                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475684                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.089420                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    172128054     79.15%     79.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14262847      6.56%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15189200      6.98%     92.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8791349      4.04%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4546468      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1140105      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1350852      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        32124      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        26774      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    217467773                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        173797     57.20%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        71459     23.52%     80.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        58571     19.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     81122998     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       811153      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7368      0.01%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     18273635     17.66%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3230709      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    103445863                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.406809                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            303827                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002937                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    424735522                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    130368880                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    100814051                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    103749690                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        80371                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4056085                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          100                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          282                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        82100                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      3149899                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       5259716                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        78731                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    110453467                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4458                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     19991300                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3260405                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7537                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        38133                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2128                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          282                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       935592                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       537359                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      1472951                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    102131217                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     18008910                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1314646                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  72                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           21239459                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       15522781                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          3230549                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.401639                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            100836820                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           100814051                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        60981280                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       132845204                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.396459                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.459040                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     80288637                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     90402816                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20054974                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14860                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      1379519                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    214317874                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421817                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289495                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    180659154     84.29%     84.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13226827      6.17%     90.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8493916      3.96%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2673867      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4434445      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       868877      0.41%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       549281      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       503351      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2908156      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    214317874                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     80288637                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     90402816                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             19113469                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            15935183                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              7414                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         13870982                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        79006121                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      1131381                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      2908156                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          321867209                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         224068103                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               4116487                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              36818602                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          80288637                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            90402816                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     80288637                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     3.167153                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               3.167153                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.315741                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.315741                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      474679502                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     131354350                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     118061751                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        14846                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       22070719                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18375942                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2002361                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8476728                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8086763                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2374808                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        93167                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191962725                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            121045311                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          22070719                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches     10461571                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            25238435                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       5576805                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles     17394471                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4675                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           91                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        11918626                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1914305                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    238156670                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624719                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987441                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      212918235     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        1548315      0.65%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        1953796      0.82%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        3095350      1.30%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        1310507      0.55%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        1684752      0.71%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6        1949459      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         893506      0.38%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       12802750      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    238156670                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.086794                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.476015                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      190836808                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles     18633669                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        25118578                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        11885                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3555728                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      3359716                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          545                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    147982637                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         2258                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3555728                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      191030033                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        618167                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles     17475283                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        24937208                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       540247                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    147074838                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          143                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        77383                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       376738                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    205393112                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    683968716                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    683968716                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    171957786                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       33435320                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        35624                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18569                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         1900025                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     13779003                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      7203928                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        81362                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores      1635455                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        143584575                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35753                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       137792024                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       127908                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17348462                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35283645                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1350                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    238156670                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578577                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302610                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    179769522     75.48%     75.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     26628805     11.18%     86.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10889444      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6101763      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8269515      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2543257      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2501716      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1346783      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       105865      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    238156670                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        939291     78.81%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead       129671     10.88%     89.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122883     10.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    116082315     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1884059      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17054      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12626540      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7182056      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    137792024                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.541872                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1191845                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008650                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    515060471                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160969457                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134203157                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    138983869                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       102714                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2602399                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           32                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          669                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       101634                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3555728                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        470366                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        59174                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143620336                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       113105                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13779003                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7203928                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18570                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        51644                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           63                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          669                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1183678                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1127304                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      2310982                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    135387475                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12420537                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2404549                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           19601871                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       19149409                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          7181334                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.532416                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            134203676                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           134203157                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        80422561                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       216031266                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.527759                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.372273                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100041460                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    123274490                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20346434                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34403                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      2019513                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234600942                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525465                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344285                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    182428348     77.76%     77.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26441584     11.27%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9596550      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4781440      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4378901      1.87%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1835713      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1819572      0.78%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       866787      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2452047      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234600942                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts    100041460                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    123274490                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             18278894                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            11176600                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars             17162                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         17868369                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts       110987178                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      2545602                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      2452047                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          375769117                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         290797608                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               2910168                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              16132038                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts         100041460                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           123274490                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total    100041460                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.541833                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.541833                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.393417                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.393417                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      609186313                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     187528367                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     136850412                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        34374                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       19650410                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16079727                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1918073                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8091031                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7729174                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2030002                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        87466                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    189182983                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            109927407                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          19650410                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      9759176                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            22940197                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       5243715                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles     10303561                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.MiscStallCycles          686                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        11573631                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1919600                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    225728115                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597949                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933393                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      202787918     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        1070411      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        1699140      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        2298311      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        2364799      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        2001059      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6        1120596      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7        1664803      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       10721078      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    225728115                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.077276                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.432294                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      187236380                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles     12267610                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        22897330                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        26499                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      3300295                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      3233559                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          370                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    134868796                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1974                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      3300295                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      187752184                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       1670670                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      9405052                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        22413884                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles      1186027                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    134818023                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          188                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents       175888                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       508897                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    188132279                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    627207965                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    627207965                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    163089957                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       25042322                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        33414                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17380                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         3522251                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     12609768                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      6839569                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        80705                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores      1685892                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        134650275                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33534                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       127862466                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17607                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     14895261                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35687275                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1198                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    225728115                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566445                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259052                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    171578582     76.01%     76.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22307637      9.88%     85.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11279296      5.00%     90.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8486547      3.76%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6672236      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2698731      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1700343      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       886005      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       118738      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    225728115                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         24428     11.52%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        77842     36.70%     48.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       109857     51.79%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    107534966     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1910467      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16030      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11583218      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6817785      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    127862466                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.502824                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            212127                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001659                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    481682781                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149579602                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125945922                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    128074593                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       259429                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2014656                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          117                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          534                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        99231                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      3300295                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       1381413                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       116722                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    134683948                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        49055                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12609768                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6839569                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17384                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        98563                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          534                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1116112                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1078729                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      2194841                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    126099491                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10899407                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1762975                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                 139                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           17716917                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       17917309                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          6817510                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.495891                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            125946143                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           125945922                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        72296605                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       194812734                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.495287                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.371108                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95070681                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    116983549                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     17700417                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32336                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      1942318                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    222427820                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525939                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372402                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    174394779     78.41%     78.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23826106     10.71%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8984514      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4284595      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3633548      1.63%     96.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2074200      0.93%     97.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1795826      0.81%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       819534      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2614718      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    222427820                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     95070681                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    116983549                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             17335450                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            10595112                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars             16132                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         16869146                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts       105400833                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      2408941                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      2614718                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          354496405                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         272668277                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               2865902                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              28560593                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          95070681                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           116983549                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     95070681                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.674733                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.674733                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.373869                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.373869                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      567547862                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     175441824                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     125042267                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        32306                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       22068703                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18373713                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2002828                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8471439                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8084131                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2375071                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        93171                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191964046                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            121039514                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          22068703                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches     10459202                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            25236702                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       5576414                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles     17398292                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4713                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           95                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        11918718                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1914284                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    238159264                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624663                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987335                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      212922562     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        1548173      0.65%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        1953426      0.82%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        3095418      1.30%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        1308678      0.55%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        1686209      0.71%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6        1950834      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         894539      0.38%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       12799425      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    238159264                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.086786                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.475992                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      190838256                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles     18637954                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        25116373                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        11808                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      3554871                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      3359937                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          546                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    147966073                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         2616                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      3554871                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      191032626                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        618228                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles     17478198                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        24933805                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       541532                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    147050467                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          141                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        77538                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       377923                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    205362550                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    683855277                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    683855277                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    171949443                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       33413072                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        35624                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18570                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         1905536                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     13773456                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      7202798                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        81204                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores      1635260                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        143567056                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35754                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       137779392                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       127532                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17340073                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35256183                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1351                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    238159264                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578518                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302537                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    179776472     75.49%     75.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     26624565     11.18%     86.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10893827      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6099283      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8269068      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2541913      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2501227      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1347147      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       105762      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    238159264                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        939199     78.83%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead       129397     10.86%     89.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122844     10.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    116072314     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1884022      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17053      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12625048      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7180955      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    137779392                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.541823                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1191440                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008647                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    515037018                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160943547                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134191517                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    138970832                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       102346                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2597419                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           33                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          666                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100872                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      3554871                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        469945                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        59511                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143602819                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       114140                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13773456                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7202798                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18571                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        52109                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           67                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          666                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1183563                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1126756                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      2310319                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    135376886                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12420454                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2402504                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           19600735                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       19148153                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          7180281                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.532375                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            134191965                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           134191517                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        80416363                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       216001137                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.527713                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.372296                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100036614                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    123268444                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20334944                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34403                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      2019977                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234604393                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525431                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344215                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    182432424     77.76%     77.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26441626     11.27%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9595779      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4783797      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4377523      1.87%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1836204      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1818660      0.78%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       866243      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2452137      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234604393                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts    100036614                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    123268444                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             18277960                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            11176034                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars             17162                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         17867480                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       110981730                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      2545468                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      2452137                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          375754942                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         290761695                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               2909255                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              16129444                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts         100036614                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           123268444                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total    100036614                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.541956                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.541956                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.393398                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.393398                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      609134853                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     187511112                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     136842472                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        34374                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       17495302                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15614165                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1388087                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     11560432                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11399129                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1047182                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        41788                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    184580316                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             99341680                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          17495302                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches     12446311                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            22137742                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       4561907                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      7435238                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.MiscStallCycles            7                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           20                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        11166272                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1362485                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    217319295                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.512245                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.748965                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      195181553     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        3370936      1.55%     91.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        1705576      0.78%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        3332161      1.53%     93.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        1067922      0.49%     94.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        3083735      1.42%     95.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         486682      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         794223      0.37%     96.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        8296507      3.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    217319295                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.068801                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.390665                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      182812008                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      9245909                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        22093948                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        17869                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      3149557                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      1660117                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred        16415                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    111144011                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts        31183                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      3149557                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      183014813                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       5970262                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      2637647                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        21892706                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       654306                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    110978388                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          205                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        85374                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       502305                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    145443351                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    502925256                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    502925256                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    117951784                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       27491544                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        14901                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7538                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         1509113                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     19979709                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      3259026                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20058                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       742055                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        110391518                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        14955                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       103396370                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        72081                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19916718                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40697447                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          103                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    217319295                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475781                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.089539                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    172003504     79.15%     79.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14253206      6.56%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15181863      6.99%     92.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8788783      4.04%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4541488      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1141078      0.53%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1350518      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        32201      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        26654      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    217319295                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        173936     57.26%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        71389     23.50%     80.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        58458     19.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     81084816     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       811102      0.78%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7364      0.01%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     18263810     17.66%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3229278      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    103396370                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.406610                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            303783                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002938                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    424487899                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    130323465                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    100762913                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    103700153                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        81626                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4053051                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          127                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          281                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        82445                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      3149557                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       5223316                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        78970                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    110406560                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4623                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     19979709                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3259026                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7536                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        38432                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2100                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          281                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       936689                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       537427                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      1474116                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    102077674                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     17998017                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1318696                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  87                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           21227140                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       15514823                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          3229123                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.401424                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            100786003                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           100762913                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        60953173                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       132796509                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.396254                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.458997                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     80245512                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     90354218                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20056862                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14852                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      1379300                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    214169738                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421881                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289623                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    180530207     84.29%     84.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13218750      6.17%     90.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8490217      3.96%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2671135      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4432650      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       867344      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       549205      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       502761      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2907469      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    214169738                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     80245512                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     90354218                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             19103237                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            15926656                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              7410                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         13863535                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        78963630                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      1130769                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      2907469                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          321673050                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         223974209                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               4114191                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              36969413                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          80245512                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            90354218                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     80245512                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     3.168884                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               3.168884                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.315569                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.315569                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      474436358                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     131287987                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     118016640                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        14838                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 47                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       18644079                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15292309                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1827639                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7829813                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7288953                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1915617                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        82613                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    178093850                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            105911158                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          18644079                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      9204570                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            23305092                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       5179988                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles     16917394                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        10971066                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1816615                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    221636481                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.584265                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.920555                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      198331389     89.48%     89.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        2527377      1.14%     90.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        2928578      1.32%     91.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        1608889      0.73%     92.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        1843055      0.83%     93.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        1024439      0.46%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         696099      0.31%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7        1801013      0.81%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       10875642      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    221636481                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.073319                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.416500                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      176643064                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles     18395722                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        23110461                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles       184159                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      3303073                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      3022733                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred        17074                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    129284133                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts        84425                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      3303073                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      176925037                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       6165759                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles     11438508                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        23019974                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       784128                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    129202892                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          211                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents       202926                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       360807                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    179573844                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    601506673                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    601506673                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    153503713                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       26070121                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        34240                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19257                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         2097101                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     12344839                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      6718996                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads       176167                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores      1489057                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        128995432                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34329                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       121993563                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       172302                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15982971                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36819759                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4175                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    221636481                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.550422                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243031                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    170214260     76.80%     76.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20695899      9.34%     86.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11116556      5.02%     91.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7686888      3.47%     94.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6717184      3.03%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3434201      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       835802      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       536193      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       399498      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    221636481                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         32535     12.41%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead       111419     42.50%     54.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       118203     45.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    102114325     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1904726      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14949      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11288426      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6671137      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    121993563                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.479744                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            262157                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002149                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    466058066                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    145013888                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    119960377                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    122255720                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       307493                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2173354                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          769                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1157                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       137859                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7474                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         3925                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      3303073                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       5727061                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles       137269                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    129029880                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        61669                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12344839                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6718996                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19268                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        96094                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1157                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1062615                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1022389                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      2085004                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    120190193                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10602668                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1803370                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                 119                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           17272367                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       16823434                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          6669699                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.472652                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            119962438                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           119960377                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        71303864                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       186682010                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.471749                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.381954                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     90141939                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    110593232                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18438082                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30154                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      1838134                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    218333408                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506534                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.322831                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    173147169     79.30%     79.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     20956089      9.60%     88.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8780677      4.02%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5279960      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3651386      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2361972      1.08%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1221936      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       984863      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1949356      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    218333408                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     90141939                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    110593232                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             16752619                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            10171482                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars             15044                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         15827809                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        99704222                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      2250030                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      1949356                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          345414755                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         261365769                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               2728751                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              32652227                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          90141939                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           110593232                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     90141939                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.820981                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.820981                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.354487                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.354487                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      542174735                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     166503204                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     120672134                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        30126                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 22                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       17210464                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15530698                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       899691                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6429209                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6153201                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         948459                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        39904                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    182570096                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            108149138                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          17210464                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      7101660                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            21392766                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       2840474                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles     25315354                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.MiscStallCycles            2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           37                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        10471838                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       903278                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    231196620                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548817                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.849327                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      209803854     90.75%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         761704      0.33%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        1561980      0.68%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         667386      0.29%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        3552056      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        3168739      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         610965      0.26%     95.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7        1280433      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        9789503      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    231196620                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.067681                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.425301                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      180667642                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles     27229250                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        21313812                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        68020                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      1917891                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      1509956                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          475                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    126824435                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         2702                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      1917891                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      180909237                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles      25302803                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      1092597                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        21168640                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       805447                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    126755073                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          388                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents       412287                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       263724                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents        10915                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    148797459                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    596950769                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    596950769                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    131951141                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       16846312                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        14700                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7420                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         1850906                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     29911586                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores     15127305                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads       138221                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       732565                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        126508603                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        14744                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       121573783                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73040                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9821470                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     23655836                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           74                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231196620                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525846                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316379                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    187529604     81.11%     81.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13337159      5.77%     86.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10790467      4.67%     91.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4658523      2.01%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5824285      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5516284      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3135417      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       249989      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       154892      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231196620                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        305493     11.27%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2336477     86.21%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        68232      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     76254875     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1061848      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7278      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29162673     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15087109     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    121573783                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.478094                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2710202                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022293                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    477127426                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    136347936                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    120535354                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    124283985                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       217858                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1167498                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          475                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3122                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        98094                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        10713                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      1917891                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles      24687880                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles       238629                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126523436                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1352                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     29911586                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15127305                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7420                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents       147881                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           97                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3122                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       524277                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       531949                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      1056226                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    120729635                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     29064975                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       844146                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  89                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           44150634                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       15820129                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores         15085659                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.474774                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            120538503                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           120535354                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        65111085                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       128525740                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.474010                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.506600                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97941935                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    115097387                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11440081                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14670                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       919371                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229278729                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501998                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320584                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    187375882     81.72%     81.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15423145      6.73%     88.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7182662      3.13%     91.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7064510      3.08%     94.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1955855      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8080702      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       614866      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       449594      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1131513      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229278729                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     97941935                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    115097387                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             43773299                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            28744088                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              7324                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         15198966                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts       102349253                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      1114734                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      1131513                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          354684398                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         254993021                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               3916177                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              23092088                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          97941935                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           115097387                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     97941935                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.596321                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.596321                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.385160                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.385160                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      596835160                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     139966755                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     150996466                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        14648                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 47                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       18658924                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15303217                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1830108                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7838142                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7292885                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1917943                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        82622                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    178305339                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            106022321                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          18658924                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      9210828                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            23328884                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       5186463                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles     16772294                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        10984825                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1819131                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    221730806                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.584660                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.921205                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      198401922     89.48%     89.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        2530796      1.14%     90.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        2930145      1.32%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        1610351      0.73%     92.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        1843146      0.83%     93.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        1025268      0.46%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         696646      0.31%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7        1803986      0.81%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       10888546      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    221730806                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.073377                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.416937                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      176847705                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles     18257317                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        23132888                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles       185700                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      3307194                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      3026225                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred        17098                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    129427390                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts        84989                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      3307194                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      177131157                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       6177735                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles     11284034                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        23042668                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       788016                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    129347658                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          227                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents       202530                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       363050                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents           30                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    179777937                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    602203810                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    602203810                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    153686709                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       26091220                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        34249                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19232                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         2107772                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     12358991                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      6726976                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads       176587                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores      1491446                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        129141471                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34345                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       122139284                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       171943                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15990181                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36833963                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4155                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    221730806                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.550845                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243534                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    170252495     76.78%     76.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20718079      9.34%     86.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11126782      5.02%     91.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7693957      3.47%     94.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6726024      3.03%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3437433      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       838401      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       536977      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       400658      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    221730806                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         32443     12.35%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead       111878     42.59%     54.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       118341     45.05%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    102236254     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1907373      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14967      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11301336      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6679354      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    122139284                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.480317                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            262662                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002151                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    466443975                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    145167159                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    120103634                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    122401946                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       308514                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2175403                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          714                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1163                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       138000                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7482                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         3718                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      3307194                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       5741762                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles       135329                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    129175931                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        61448                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12358991                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6726976                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19266                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        94507                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1163                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1063969                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1023210                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      2087179                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    120332216                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10613935                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1807064                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                 115                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           17291856                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       16841413                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          6677921                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.473211                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            120105606                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           120103634                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        71389935                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       186926405                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.472312                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.381915                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     90249352                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    110725006                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18452217                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30190                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      1840638                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    218423612                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506928                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323340                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    173187079     79.29%     79.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     20978765      9.60%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8790048      4.02%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5284637      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3655644      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2365395      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1223725      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       986219      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1952100      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    218423612                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     90249352                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    110725006                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             16772561                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            10183588                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars             15062                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         15846644                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        99823055                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      2252717                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      1952100                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          345648124                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         261661719                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               2732921                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              32557902                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          90249352                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           110725006                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     90249352                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.817624                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.817624                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.354909                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.354909                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      542824864                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     166700815                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     120801237                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        30162                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 22                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       17158496                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15483092                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       899062                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6444309                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6134330                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         947716                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        39774                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    182037379                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            107831811                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          17158496                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      7082046                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            21328939                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       2836198                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles     25467626                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        10443537                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       902915                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    230748555                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548219                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848323                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      209419616     90.76%     90.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         761214      0.33%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        1551746      0.67%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         665201      0.29%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        3545886      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        3160908      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         610861      0.26%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7        1277794      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        9755329      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    230748555                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.067476                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.424053                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      180148485                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles     27367887                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        21250135                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        67930                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      1914113                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      1506003                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          474                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    126440678                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         2705                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      1914113                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      180388320                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles      25456585                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      1089740                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        21106372                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       793420                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    126373203                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          396                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents       407918                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       261988                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5942                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    148364819                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    595168704                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    595168704                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    131536030                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       16828701                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        14662                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7405                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         1839199                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     29812938                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores     15075293                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads       138491                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       732525                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        126127581                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        14704                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       121201532                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        69587                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9797521                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     23579384                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           82                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    230748555                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525254                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.315829                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    187222588     81.14%     81.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13289541      5.76%     86.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10754252      4.66%     91.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4643970      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5807080      2.52%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5500980      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3126871      1.36%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       249053      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       154220      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    230748555                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        305363     11.30%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2329286     86.18%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        68018      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     76034511     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1058761      0.87%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7256      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29062250     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15038754     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    121201532                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.476630                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2702667                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022299                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    475923873                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    135942901                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    120168468                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    123904199                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       217745                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1162193                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          465                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3100                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        94761                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        10682                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          166                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      1914113                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles      24844816                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles       237521                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126142375                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1998                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     29812938                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15075293                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7404                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents       146805                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          125                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3100                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       523492                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       531125                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      1054617                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    120358796                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     28968455                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       842736                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  90                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           44005717                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       15771750                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores         15037262                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.473316                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            120171652                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           120168468                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        64917817                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       128182559                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.472567                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.506448                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97630947                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    114732525                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11423554                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14622                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       918734                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228834442                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501378                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319915                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    187068276     81.75%     81.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15369574      6.72%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7159481      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7042827      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1948072      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8057557      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       613198      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       447409      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1128048      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228834442                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     97630947                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    114732525                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             43631267                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            28650735                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              7300                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         15151076                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts       102024853                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      1111356                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      1128048                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          353862187                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         254226528                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               3907645                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              23540153                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          97630947                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           114732525                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     97630947                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.604591                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.604591                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.383937                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.383937                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      595008995                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     139548646                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     150541598                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        14600                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 47                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       18678063                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15321487                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1831692                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7847192                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7305540                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1919067                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        82639                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    178489430                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            106115449                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          18678063                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      9224607                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            23353286                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       5188514                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles     16770796                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        10994686                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1820784                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    221937991                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.584578                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.920960                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      198584705     89.48%     89.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        2532981      1.14%     90.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        2938256      1.32%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        1612182      0.73%     92.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        1847361      0.83%     93.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        1025777      0.46%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         698557      0.31%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7        1800984      0.81%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       10897188      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    221937991                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.073452                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.417303                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      177034536                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles     18253082                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        23158350                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles       184646                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      3307375                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      3026902                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred        17106                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    129530065                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts        84895                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      3307375                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      177317648                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       6311256                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles     11148272                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        23067197                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       786241                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    129449576                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          212                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       201761                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       362781                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents           47                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    179922927                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    602664177                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    602664177                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    153832670                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       26090250                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        34218                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19204                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         2105310                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     12364914                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      6730258                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads       176824                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores      1488154                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        129241470                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34297                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       122233111                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       171214                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15987899                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36842382                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4079                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    221937991                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.550753                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243347                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    170412529     76.78%     76.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20739734      9.34%     86.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11140550      5.02%     91.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7699532      3.47%     94.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6729586      3.03%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3439952      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       837771      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       537745      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       400592      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    221937991                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         32746     12.48%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead       111080     42.32%     54.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       118627     45.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    102318505     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1909129      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14981      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11307978      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6682518      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    122233111                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.480686                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            262453                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002147                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    466837880                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    145264806                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    120200515                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    122495564                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       308213                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2171647                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          701                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1141                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       135023                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7492                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         4038                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      3307375                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       5873308                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       136751                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    129275882                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        62686                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12364914                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6730258                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19207                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        96153                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1141                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1066632                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1022714                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      2089346                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    120427868                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10622087                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1805243                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                 115                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           17303112                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       16856427                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          6681025                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.473587                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            120202481                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           120200515                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        71447931                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       187057569                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.472693                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.381957                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     90335045                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    110830208                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18446952                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30218                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      1842179                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    218630616                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506929                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323253                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    173347016     79.29%     79.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21001159      9.61%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8800352      4.03%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5290036      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3659851      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2367610      1.08%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1224833      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       986287      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1953472      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    218630616                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     90335045                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    110830208                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             16788500                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            10193265                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars             15076                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         15861700                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        99917900                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      2254861                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      1953472                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          345953693                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         261861766                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               2733457                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              32350717                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          90335045                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           110830208                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     90335045                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.814951                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.814951                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.355246                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.355246                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      543258459                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     166837444                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     120904657                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        30190                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       17467299                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15586997                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1385221                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     11548744                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11378262                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1048783                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        41948                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    184316999                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             99191135                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          17467299                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches     12427045                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            22103293                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       4553944                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      7490335                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        11149557                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1359679                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    217071514                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.512050                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.748682                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      194968221     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        3368270      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        1699002      0.78%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        3325567      1.53%     93.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        1067477      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        3079679      1.42%     95.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         485882      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         794437      0.37%     96.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        8282979      3.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    217071514                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.068691                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.390073                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      182554731                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      9294873                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        22059892                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        17510                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3144504                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      1659421                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred        16383                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    110975388                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts        31139                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3144504                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      182755262                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       6006215                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      2652121                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        21860989                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       652419                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    110814223                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          211                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        86319                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       500217                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    145237988                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    502228873                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    502228873                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    117804135                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       27433744                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        14886                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7530                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         1501935                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     19953196                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      3254150                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19828                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       741643                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        110238366                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        14938                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       103232865                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        66982                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19878987                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40673440                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          102                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    217071514                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475571                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.089265                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    171822920     79.15%     79.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14232706      6.56%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15162597      6.99%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8775922      4.04%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4530964      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1139929      0.53%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1348332      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        31446      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        26698      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    217071514                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        173130     57.17%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        71300     23.54%     80.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        58426     19.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     80967998     78.43%     78.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       810030      0.78%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7356      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     18221164     17.65%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3226317      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    103232865                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.405967                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            302856                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002934                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    423907081                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    130132560                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    100622969                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    103535721                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        82030                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4048806                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          108                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          276                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        80995                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3144504                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       5261631                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        78117                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    110253389                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4659                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     19953196                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3254150                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7527                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        37258                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2041                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          276                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       931780                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       537862                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      1469642                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    101924196                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     17961577                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1308668                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  85                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           21187750                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       15495568                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          3226173                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.400821                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            100645987                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           100622969                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        60876946                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       132701032                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.395704                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.458753                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     80141736                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     90239476                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20018252                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14836                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      1376462                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    213927010                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421824                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289524                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    180329302     84.29%     84.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13202416      6.17%     90.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8479394      3.96%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2669648      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4425568      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       866142      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       549101      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       501772      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2903667      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    213927010                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     80141736                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     90239476                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             19077497                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            15904361                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              7402                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         13845752                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        78864012                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      1129553                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      2903667                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          321280772                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         223662539                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               4110968                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              37217194                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          80141736                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            90239476                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     80141736                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     3.172987                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               3.172987                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.315160                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.315160                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      473743075                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     131118092                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     117841584                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        14822                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              254288641                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       19683859                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16104094                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1920815                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8044345                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7736406                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2034103                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        87538                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    189514328                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            110117024                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          19683859                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      9770509                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            22971930                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       5250652                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles     10195739                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1658                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           73                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        11593798                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1922320                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    225988554                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598314                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933993                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      203016624     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        1066655      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        1694291      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        2303746      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        2369811      1.05%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        2005649      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6        1121511      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7        1673121      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       10737146      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    225988554                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.077408                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.433039                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      187563667                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles     12165101                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        22928987                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        26340                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      3304458                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      3241819                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          369                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    135105288                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1962                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      3304458                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      188074999                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       1702980                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      9268402                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        22449865                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles      1187847                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    135058998                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          186                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents       176123                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       509811                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    188468663                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    628312505                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    628312505                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    163407773                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       25060759                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        33476                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17413                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         3527273                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     12630448                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      6852992                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        80477                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores      1687679                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        134906581                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33595                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       128117960                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17610                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     14904324                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35694304                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1198                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    225988554                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566922                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259548                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    171739035     75.99%     75.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22343509      9.89%     85.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11298507      5.00%     90.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8504249      3.76%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6688098      2.96%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2704053      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1704879      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       887033      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       119191      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    225988554                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         24367     11.45%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        78008     36.64%     48.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       110525     51.91%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    107752883     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1914235      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16061      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11603644      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6831137      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    128117960                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.503829                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            212900                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001662                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    482454984                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149845029                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    126199710                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    128330860                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       261222                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2014662                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           84                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          532                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        99475                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      3304458                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       1413223                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles       116863                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    134940314                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6792                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12630448                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6852992                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17415                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        98657                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          532                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1116430                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1080546                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      2196976                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    126352313                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10919574                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1765647                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                 138                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           17750450                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       17954180                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          6830876                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.496885                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            126199961                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           126199710                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        72438619                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       195197512                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.496285                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.371104                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95255979                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    117211648                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     17728579                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32397                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      1945100                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    222684096                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526358                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372884                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    174558924     78.39%     78.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23871223     10.72%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8999048      4.04%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4296646      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3640727      1.63%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2077676      0.93%     97.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1798507      0.81%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       820699      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2620646      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    222684096                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     95255979                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    117211648                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             17369282                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            10615776                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars             16162                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         16902052                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts       105606339                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      2413643                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      2620646                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          355003014                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         273185075                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               2871249                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              28300087                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          95255979                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           117211648                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     95255979                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.669529                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.669529                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.374598                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.374598                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      568678197                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     175789027                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     125261608                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        32368                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                         8268                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.217426                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         214125                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                        10312                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        20.764643                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.152997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     6.694765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1380.432459                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data         621.937206                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.003269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.674039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.303680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        26946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                 26948                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8411                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                8411                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          206                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                 206                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        27152                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                  27154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        27152                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                 27154                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         8229                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                8268                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         8229                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                 8268                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         8229                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                8268                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101359283                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   6703664928                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    6805024211                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101359283                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   6703664928                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total     6805024211                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101359283                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   6703664928                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total    6805024211                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        35175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total             35216                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8411                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total            8411                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          206                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total             206                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        35381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total              35422                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        35381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total             35422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.233945                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.234780                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.232582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.233414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.232582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.233414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2598955.974359                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 814639.072548                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 823055.661708                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2598955.974359                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 814639.072548                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 823055.661708                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2598955.974359                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 814639.072548                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 823055.661708                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks               4342                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                    4342                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         8229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           8268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         8229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total            8268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         8229                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total           8268                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     97935083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   5980996397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6078931480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     97935083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   5980996397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6078931480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     97935083                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   5980996397                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6078931480                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.233945                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.232582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233414                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.232582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233414                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2511155.974359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 726819.345850                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 735236.028060                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2511155.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 726819.345850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 735236.028060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2511155.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 726819.345850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 735236.028060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                        27821                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.597433                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         161111                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                        29869                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                         5.393920                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.135383                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     3.579826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1641.643431                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data         390.238793                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.001748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.801584                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.190546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        34906                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                 34907                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7251                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                7251                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           88                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                  88                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        34994                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                  34995                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        34994                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                 34995                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        27744                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total               27782                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::total                29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        27773                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                27811                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        27773                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total               27811                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     56328291                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  25877333514                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   25933661805                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     27335433                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     27335433                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     56328291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  25904668947                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total    25960997238                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     56328291                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  25904668947                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total   25960997238                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        62650                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total             62689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7251                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total            7251                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          117                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total             117                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        62767                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total              62806                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        62767                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total             62806                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.442841                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.443172                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.247863                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.247863                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.442478                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.442808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.442478                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.442808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1482323.447368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 932718.191825                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 933469.937549                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 942601.137931                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 942601.137931                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1482323.447368                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 932728.511396                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 933479.459135                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1482323.447368                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 932728.511396                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 933479.459135                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks               4135                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                    4135                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        27744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          27782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        27773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total           27811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        27773                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total          27811                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     52990695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  23440685932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23493676627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     24786940                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24786940                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     52990695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  23465472872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  23518463567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     52990695                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  23465472872                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  23518463567                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.442841                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443172                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.247863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.442478                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442808                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.442478                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442808                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1394491.973684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 844892.082324                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 845643.820711                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 854722.068966                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 854722.068966                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1394491.973684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 844902.346596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 845653.287081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1394491.973684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 844902.346596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 845653.287081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                        17563                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.519600                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         225737                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                        19611                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        11.510734                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.743889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     2.930263                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1628.234239                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data         383.611208                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.001431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.795036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.187310                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        32877                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                 32878                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks          17914                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total               17914                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          143                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                 143                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        33020                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                  33021                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        33020                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                 33021                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17509                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total               17545                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17515                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                17551                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17515                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total               17551                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     58826423                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  14783105469                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   14841931892                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      4690355                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      4690355                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     58826423                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  14787795824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total    14846622247                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     58826423                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  14787795824                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total   14846622247                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        50386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total             50423                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        17914                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total           17914                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          149                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total             149                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        50535                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total              50572                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        50535                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total             50572                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.347497                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.347956                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.040268                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.040268                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.346591                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.347050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.346591                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.347050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1634067.305556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 844314.664972                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 845935.132060                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 781725.833333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 781725.833333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1634067.305556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 844293.224322                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 845913.181414                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1634067.305556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 844293.224322                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 845913.181414                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks               9547                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                    9547                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17545                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total           17551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17515                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total          17551                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     55665623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  13245592412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13301258035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      4162556                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4162556                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     55665623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  13249754968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13305420591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     55665623                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  13249754968                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13305420591                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.347497                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347956                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.040268                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040268                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.346591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347050                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.346591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347050                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1546267.305556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 756501.936832                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 758122.430037                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 693759.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 693759.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1546267.305556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 756480.443506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 758100.426813                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1546267.305556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 756480.443506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 758100.426813                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                        17419                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.834711                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         156204                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                        19467                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                         8.024041                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.659000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     2.746482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1661.895259                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data         353.533970                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.001341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.811472                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.172624                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        32694                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                 32695                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks           5947                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                5947                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           65                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                  65                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        32759                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                  32760                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        32759                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                 32760                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        17384                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total               17418                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        17384                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                17418                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        17384                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total               17418                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     46472361                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  13766022967                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   13812495328                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     46472361                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  13766022967                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total    13812495328                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     46472361                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  13766022967                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total   13812495328                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        50078                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total             50113                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         5947                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total            5947                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           65                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total              65                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        50143                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total              50178                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        50143                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total             50178                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.347138                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.347574                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.346688                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.347124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.346688                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.347124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1366834.147059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 791878.909745                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 793001.224480                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1366834.147059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 791878.909745                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 793001.224480                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1366834.147059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 791878.909745                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 793001.224480                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks               2345                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                    2345                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        17384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        17384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total           17418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        17384                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total          17418                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     43487161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  12239293195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12282780356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     43487161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  12239293195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12282780356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     43487161                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  12239293195                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12282780356                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.347138                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347574                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.346688                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.346688                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1279034.147059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 704055.061838                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 705177.423126                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1279034.147059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 704055.061838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 705177.423126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1279034.147059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 704055.061838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 705177.423126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                        17456                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.836462                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         156300                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                        19504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                         8.013741                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.657338                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     2.753047                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1661.828415                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data         353.597663                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014481                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.001344                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.811440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.172655                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        32785                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                 32786                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks           5952                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                5952                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           65                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                  65                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        32850                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                  32851                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        32850                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                 32851                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        17421                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total               17456                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        17421                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                17456                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        17421                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total               17456                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     44926108                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  13622343663                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   13667269771                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     44926108                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  13622343663                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total    13667269771                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     44926108                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  13622343663                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total   13667269771                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        50206                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total             50242                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         5952                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total            5952                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           65                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total              65                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        50271                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total              50307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        50271                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total             50307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.346990                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.347438                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.346542                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.346989                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.346542                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.346989                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1283603.085714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 781949.581712                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 782955.417679                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1283603.085714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 781949.581712                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 782955.417679                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1283603.085714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 781949.581712                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 782955.417679                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks               2354                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                    2354                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        17421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        17421                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total           17456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        17421                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total          17456                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     41853108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  12092734885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12134587993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     41853108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  12092734885                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12134587993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     41853108                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  12092734885                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12134587993                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.346990                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347438                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.346542                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346989                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.346542                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346989                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1195803.085714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 694146.999885                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 695152.841029                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1195803.085714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 694146.999885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 695152.841029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1195803.085714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 694146.999885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 695152.841029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                         8273                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.227152                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         214161                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                        10318                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        20.756057                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.157073                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     6.930852                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1380.273123                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data         621.866105                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.003384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.673961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.303646                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        26963                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                 26965                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8422                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                8422                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          205                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                 205                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        27168                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                  27170                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        27168                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                 27170                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         8234                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                8274                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         8234                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                 8274                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         8234                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                8274                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    106850184                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   6675589994                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    6782440178                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    106850184                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   6675589994                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total     6782440178                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    106850184                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   6675589994                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total    6782440178                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        35197                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total             35239                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8422                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total            8422                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          205                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total             205                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        35402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total              35444                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        35402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total             35444                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.233940                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.234797                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.232586                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.233439                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.232586                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.233439                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2671254.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 810734.757590                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 819729.293933                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2671254.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 810734.757590                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 819729.293933                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2671254.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 810734.757590                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 819729.293933                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks               4344                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                    4344                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         8234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           8274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         8234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total            8274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         8234                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total           8274                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    103338184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   5952535420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6055873604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    103338184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   5952535420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6055873604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    103338184                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   5952535420                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6055873604                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.233940                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234797                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.232586                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233439                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.232586                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233439                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2583454.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 722921.474375                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731916.074934                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2583454.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 722921.474375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731916.074934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2583454.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 722921.474375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731916.074934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                        11485                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.444896                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         191321                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                        13530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        14.140503                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.925948                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     5.596426                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1508.953156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data         505.969366                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.002733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.736794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.247055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        27315                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                 27317                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8784                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                8784                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          150                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                 150                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        27465                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                  27467                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        27465                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                 27467                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        11438                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total               11482                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        11438                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                11482                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        11438                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total               11482                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     84127091                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9496928567                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    9581055658                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     84127091                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9496928567                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total     9581055658                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     84127091                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9496928567                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total    9581055658                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        38753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total             38799                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8784                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total            8784                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          150                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total             150                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        38903                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total              38949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           46                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        38903                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total             38949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.956522                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.295151                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.295935                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.956522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.294013                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.294796                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.956522                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.294013                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.294796                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1911979.340909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 830296.255202                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 834441.356732                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1911979.340909                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 830296.255202                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 834441.356732                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1911979.340909                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 830296.255202                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 834441.356732                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks               5026                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                    5026                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l206.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l206.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l206.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l206.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        11437                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          11481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        11437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total           11481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        11437                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total          11481                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     80263021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   8491904260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8572167281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     80263021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   8491904260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8572167281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     80263021                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   8491904260                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8572167281                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.295126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295910                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.293988                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294770                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.293988                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294770                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1824159.568182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 742494.033400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 746639.428708                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1824159.568182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 742494.033400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 746639.428708                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1824159.568182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 742494.033400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 746639.428708                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                         8271                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.217021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         214148                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                        10316                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        20.758821                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.152332                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     6.697718                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1380.362834                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data         622.004137                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.003270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.674005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.303713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        26957                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                 26959                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8415                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                8415                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          206                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                 206                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        27163                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                  27165                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        27163                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                 27165                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         8233                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                8272                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         8233                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                 8272                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         8233                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                8272                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    101733890                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   6672441155                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    6774175045                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    101733890                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   6672441155                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total     6774175045                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    101733890                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   6672441155                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total    6774175045                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        35190                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total             35231                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8415                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total            8415                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          206                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total             206                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        35396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total              35437                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        35396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total             35437                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.233959                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.234793                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.232597                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.233428                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.232597                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.233428                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2608561.282051                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 810450.765820                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 818928.317819                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2608561.282051                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 810450.765820                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 818928.317819                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2608561.282051                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 810450.765820                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 818928.317819                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks               4343                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                    4343                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         8233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           8272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         8233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total            8272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         8233                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total           8272                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     98309690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5949514342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6047824032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     98309690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5949514342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6047824032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     98309690                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5949514342                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6047824032                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.233959                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234793                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.232597                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233428                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.232597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233428                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2520761.282051                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 722642.334750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731119.926499                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2520761.282051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 722642.334750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731119.926499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2520761.282051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 722642.334750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731119.926499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                        17440                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.833529                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         156253                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                        19488                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                         8.017908                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.650975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     2.674258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1662.273541                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data         353.234754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014478                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.001306                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.811657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.172478                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        32732                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                 32733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks           5958                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                5958                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                  66                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        32798                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                  32799                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        32798                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                 32799                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17404                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total               17439                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17404                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                17439                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17404                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total               17439                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     41889750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  13651328774                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   13693218524                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     41889750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  13651328774                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total    13693218524                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     41889750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  13651328774                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total   13693218524                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        50136                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total             50172                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         5958                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total            5958                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total              66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        50202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total              50238                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        50202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total             50238                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.347136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.347584                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.346679                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.347128                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.346679                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.347128                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1196850                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 784378.807975                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 785206.635931                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1196850                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 784378.807975                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 785206.635931                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1196850                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 784378.807975                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 785206.635931                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks               2348                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                    2348                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total           17439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total          17439                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     38815771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  12122935273                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12161751044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     38815771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  12122935273                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12161751044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     38815771                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  12122935273                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12161751044                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.347136                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347584                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.346679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347128                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.346679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347128                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1109022.028571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 696560.289186                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 697388.098171                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1109022.028571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 696560.289186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 697388.098171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1109022.028571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 696560.289186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 697388.098171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                        17502                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.529872                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         225701                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                        19550                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        11.544808                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.594443                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     2.977914                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1629.150946                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data         382.806570                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015915                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.001454                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.795484                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.186917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        32829                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                 32830                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks          17921                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total               17921                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          143                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                 143                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        32972                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                  32973                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        32972                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                 32973                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        17453                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total               17489                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total                 3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        17456                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                17492                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        17456                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total               17492                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     67881747                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  15021387485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15089269232                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      3305505                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      3305505                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     67881747                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  15024692990                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total    15092574737                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     67881747                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  15024692990                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total   15092574737                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        50282                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total             50319                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        17921                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total           17921                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total             146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        50428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total              50465                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        50428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total             50465                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.347102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.347563                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.020548                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.020548                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.346157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.346616                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.346157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.346616                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1885604.083333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 860676.530396                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 862786.278918                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1101835                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1101835                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1885604.083333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 860717.976054                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 862827.277441                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1885604.083333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 860717.976054                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 862827.277441                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks               9511                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                    9511                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        17453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        17456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total           17492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        17456                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total          17492                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     64708947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  13487761205                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13552470152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      3040605                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3040605                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     64708947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  13490801810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13555510757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     64708947                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  13490801810                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13555510757                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.347102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347563                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.020548                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020548                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.346157                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346616                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.346157                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346616                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1797470.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 772804.744457                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 774913.954600                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1013535                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1013535                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1797470.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 772846.116522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 774954.879774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1797470.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 772846.116522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 774954.879774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                        32762                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.940089                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         200322                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                        34810                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                         5.754726                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.694229                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     1.936326                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1807.459236                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data         234.850298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.882548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.114673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        38651                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                 38652                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks          12399                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total               12399                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                  28                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        38679                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                  38680                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        38679                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                 38680                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        32685                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total               32724                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::total                38                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        32723                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                32762                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        32723                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total               32762                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     83687775                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  30788071748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   30871759523                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     60570169                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     60570169                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     83687775                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  30848641917                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total    30932329692                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     83687775                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  30848641917                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total   30932329692                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        71336                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total             71376                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        12399                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total           12399                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total              66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        71402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total              71442                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        71402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total             71442                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.458184                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.458473                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.575758                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.575758                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.458292                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.458582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.458292                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.458582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2145840.384615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 941963.339391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 943398.103013                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1593951.815789                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1593951.815789                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2145840.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 942720.469303                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 944152.667481                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2145840.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 942720.469303                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 944152.667481                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks               5171                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                    5171                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        32685                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          32724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        32723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total           32762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        32723                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total          32762                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     80263575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  27918072634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  27998336209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     57232770                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57232770                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     80263575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  27975305404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28055568979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     80263575                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  27975305404                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28055568979                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.458184                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458473                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.575758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.575758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.458292                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.458292                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2058040.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 854155.503564                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 855590.276525                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1506125.526316                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1506125.526316                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2058040.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 854912.612047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856344.819578                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2058040.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 854912.612047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856344.819578                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                        17452                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.529834                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         225685                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                        19500                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        11.573590                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.708357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     2.879504                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1628.720196                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data         383.221778                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.001406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.795274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.187120                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        32806                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                 32807                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks          17932                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total               17932                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          141                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                 141                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        32947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                  32948                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        32947                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                 32948                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17400                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total               17435                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17405                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                17440                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17405                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total               17440                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     66632204                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  14795253701                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   14861885905                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      4184800                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      4184800                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     66632204                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  14799438501                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total    14866070705                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     66632204                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  14799438501                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total   14866070705                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        50206                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total             50242                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        17932                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total           17932                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total             146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        50352                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total              50388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        50352                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total             50388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.346572                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.347020                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.034247                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.034247                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.345667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.346114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.345667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.346114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1903777.257143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 850301.936839                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 852416.742472                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       836960                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       836960                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1903777.257143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 850298.104051                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 852412.311067                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1903777.257143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 850298.104051                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 852412.311067                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks               9517                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                    9517                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total           17440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17405                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total          17440                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     63557623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  13266961435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13330519058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      3745800                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3745800                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     63557623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  13270707235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13334264858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     63557623                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  13270707235                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13334264858                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.346572                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.034247                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034247                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.345667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.345667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1815932.085714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 762469.047989                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 764583.828965                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       749160                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       749160                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1815932.085714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 762465.224648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 764579.406995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1815932.085714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 762465.224648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 764579.406995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                        32696                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.939934                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         200159                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                        34744                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                         5.760966                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.689076                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     1.973545                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1806.663188                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data         235.614126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.882160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.115046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        38553                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                 38554                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks          12335                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total               12335                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           27                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                  27                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        38580                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                  38581                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        38580                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                 38581                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        32619                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total               32658                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           39                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::total                39                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        32658                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                32697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        32658                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total               32697                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     75796231                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  31127480431                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   31203276662                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     61326200                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     61326200                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     75796231                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  31188806631                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total    31264602862                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     75796231                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  31188806631                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total   31264602862                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        71172                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total             71212                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        12335                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total           12335                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total              66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        71238                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total              71278                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        71238                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total             71278                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.458312                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.458602                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.590909                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.590909                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.458435                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.458725                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.458435                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.458725                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1943493.102564                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 954274.515804                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 955455.835079                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1572466.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1572466.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1943493.102564                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 955012.757395                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 956191.787075                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1943493.102564                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 955012.757395                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 956191.787075                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks               5146                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                    5146                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        32619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          32658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           39                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        32658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total           32697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        32658                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total          32697                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     72372031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  28262872922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28335244953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     57900960                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57900960                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     72372031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  28320773882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28393145913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     72372031                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  28320773882                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28393145913                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.458312                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458602                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.590909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.590909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.458435                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458725                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.458435                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458725                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1855693.102564                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 866454.303381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 867635.646794                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1484640                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1484640                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1855693.102564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 867192.537265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 868371.591063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1855693.102564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 867192.537265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 868371.591063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                        17598                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.538460                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         225753                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                        19646                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        11.491041                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.643357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     2.946934                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1631.120164                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data         380.828005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.001439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.796445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.185951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        32874                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                 32875                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks          17930                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total               17930                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          141                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                 141                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        33015                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                  33016                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        33015                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                 33016                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17547                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total               17583                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17552                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                17588                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17552                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total               17588                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     68448644                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  14771667933                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   14840116577                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      5652845                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      5652845                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     68448644                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  14777320778                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total    14845769422                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     68448644                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  14777320778                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total   14845769422                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        50421                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total             50458                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        17930                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total           17930                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total             146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        50567                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total              50604                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        50567                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total             50604                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.348010                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.348468                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.034247                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.034247                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.347104                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.347561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.347104                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.347561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1901351.222222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 841834.383826                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 844003.672695                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1130569                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1130569                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1901351.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 841916.635027                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 844085.138845                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1901351.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 841916.635027                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 844085.138845                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks               9558                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                    9558                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total           17588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17552                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total          17588                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     65287844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  13230654510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13295942354                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      5213845                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5213845                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     65287844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  13235868355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13301156199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     65287844                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  13235868355                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13301156199                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.348010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.034247                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034247                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.347104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.347104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1813551.222222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 754012.338861                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 756181.672866                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1042769                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1042769                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1813551.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 754094.596342                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 756263.145270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1813551.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 754094.596342                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 756263.145270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                        17390                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.835938                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         156262                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                        19438                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                         8.038996                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.659080                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     2.699095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1661.661128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data         353.816635                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.001318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.811358                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.172762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        32749                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                 32750                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks           5950                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                5950                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           65                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                  65                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        32814                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                  32815                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        32814                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                 32815                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17355                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total               17389                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17355                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                17389                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17355                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total               17389                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     42600134                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  13794332643                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   13836932777                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     42600134                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  13794332643                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total    13836932777                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     42600134                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  13794332643                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total   13836932777                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        50104                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total             50139                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         5950                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total            5950                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           65                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total              65                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        50169                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total              50204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        50169                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total             50204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.346380                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.346816                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.345931                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.346367                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.345931                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.346367                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1252945.117647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 794833.341573                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 795729.068779                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1252945.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 794833.341573                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 795729.068779                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1252945.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 794833.341573                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 795729.068779                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks               2346                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                    2346                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total           17389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17355                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total          17389                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     39614733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  12270093147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12309707880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     39614733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  12270093147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12309707880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     39614733                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  12270093147                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12309707880                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.346380                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346816                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.345931                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346367                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.345931                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346367                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1165139.205882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 707006.231461                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 707902.000115                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1165139.205882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 707006.231461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 707902.000115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1165139.205882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 707006.231461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 707902.000115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                        11515                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.454631                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         191415                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                        13562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        14.114069                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.930262                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     5.557554                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1509.320172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data         505.646643                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.002714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.736973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.246898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        27384                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                 27386                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8802                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                8802                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          148                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                 148                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        27532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                  27534                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        27532                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                 27534                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        11471                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total               11514                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        11471                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                11514                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        11471                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total               11514                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     94712391                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9295622340                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    9390334731                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     94712391                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9295622340                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total     9390334731                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     94712391                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9295622340                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total    9390334731                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        38855                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total             38900                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8802                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total            8802                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          148                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total             148                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        39003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total              39048                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           45                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        39003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total             39048                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.295226                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.295990                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.294106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.294868                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.294106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.294868                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2202613.744186                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 810358.498823                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 815557.992965                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2202613.744186                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 810358.498823                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 815557.992965                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2202613.744186                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 810358.498823                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 815557.992965                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks               5041                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                    5041                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l215.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l215.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l215.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l215.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        11470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          11513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        11470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total           11513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        11470                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total          11513                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     90936465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   8287853690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8378790155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     90936465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   8287853690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8378790155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     90936465                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   8287853690                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8378790155                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.295200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295964                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.294080                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294842                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.294080                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294842                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2114801.511628                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 722567.889276                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727767.754278                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2114801.511628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 722567.889276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727767.754278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2114801.511628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 722567.889276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727767.754278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              495.482345                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1011922424                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             2040166.177419                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    40.482345                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.064876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     11914324                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11914324                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     11914324                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       11914324                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     11914324                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      11914324                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    151725211                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    151725211                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    151725211                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    151725211                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    151725211                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    151725211                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     11914382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11914382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     11914382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     11914382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     11914382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     11914382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2615951.913793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2615951.913793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2615951.913793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2615951.913793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2615951.913793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2615951.913793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2926555                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       585311                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101821835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    101821835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101821835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    101821835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101821835                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    101821835                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2483459.390244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2483459.390244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2483459.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2483459.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2483459.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2483459.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                35381                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              163371178                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                35637                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              4584.313438                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   233.472966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    22.527034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.912004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.087996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      9506784                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9506784                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      7062530                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7062530                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        18288                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18288                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     16569314                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       16569314                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     16569314                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      16569314                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        90913                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        90913                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2089                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2089                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        93002                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        93002                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        93002                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        93002                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  20430601180                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20430601180                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    134392186                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    134392186                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  20564993366                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  20564993366                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  20564993366                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  20564993366                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      9597697                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9597697                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      7064619                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7064619                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        18288                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18288                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     16662316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16662316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     16662316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16662316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009472                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009472                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000296                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000296                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 224726.949721                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 224726.949721                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 64333.262805                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64333.262805                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 221124.205565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 221124.205565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 221124.205565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 221124.205565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        11740                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets  3913.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8411                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            8411                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        55738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        55738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1883                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1883                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        57621                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        57621                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        57621                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        57621                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        35175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          206                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          206                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        35381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        35381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        35381                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        35381                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8524686986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8524686986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     15041990                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15041990                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8539728976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8539728976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8539728976                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8539728976                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 242350.731656                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242350.731656                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 73019.368932                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73019.368932                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 241364.827902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241364.827902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 241364.827902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241364.827902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              527.517726                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1013337963                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1915572.708885                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    37.517726                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.060125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.845381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     10670282                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10670282                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     10670282                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       10670282                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     10670282                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      10670282                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           65                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           65                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           65                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           65                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           65                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           65                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     82092092                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     82092092                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     82092092                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     82092092                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     82092092                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     82092092                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     10670347                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10670347                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     10670347                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     10670347                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     10670347                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     10670347                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1262955.261538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1262955.261538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1262955.261538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1262955.261538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1262955.261538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1262955.261538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     56709218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56709218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     56709218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     56709218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     56709218                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     56709218                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1454082.512821                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1454082.512821                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1454082.512821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1454082.512821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1454082.512821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1454082.512821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                62767                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              178937415                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                63023                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              2839.239881                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   234.071265                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    21.928735                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.914341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.085659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      7395435                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7395435                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      6124549                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6124549                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        17736                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17736                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        14287                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14287                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     13519984                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       13519984                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     13519984                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      13519984                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       164252                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       164252                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          823                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          823                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       165075                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       165075                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       165075                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       165075                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  72273308688                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  72273308688                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    336108071                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    336108071                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  72609416759                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  72609416759                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  72609416759                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  72609416759                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      7559687                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7559687                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      6125372                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6125372                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        17736                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17736                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        14287                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14287                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     13685059                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     13685059                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     13685059                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     13685059                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.021727                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021727                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012062                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012062                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012062                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012062                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 440014.786353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 440014.786353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 408393.767922                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 408393.767922                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 439857.136205                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 439857.136205                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 439857.136205                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 439857.136205                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       170005                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       170005                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7251                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            7251                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       101602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       101602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          706                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          706                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       102308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       102308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       102308                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       102308                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        62650                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62650                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          117                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          117                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        62767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        62767                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62767                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  28399720438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28399720438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     33254008                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33254008                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  28432974446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28432974446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  28432974446                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28432974446                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008287                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008287                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004587                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004587                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 453307.588795                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453307.588795                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 284222.290598                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 284222.290598                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 452992.407571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 452992.407571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 452992.407571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 452992.407571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              517.501492                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1009210595                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1944529.084778                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    35.501492                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.056893                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.829329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     10990850                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10990850                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     10990850                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       10990850                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     10990850                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      10990850                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     86862808                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     86862808                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     86862808                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     86862808                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     86862808                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     86862808                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     10990903                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10990903                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     10990903                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     10990903                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     10990903                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     10990903                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1638920.905660                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1638920.905660                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1638920.905660                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1638920.905660                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1638920.905660                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1638920.905660                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     59191124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59191124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     59191124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59191124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     59191124                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59191124                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1599760.108108                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1599760.108108                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1599760.108108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1599760.108108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1599760.108108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1599760.108108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                50535                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              170842778                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                50791                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              3363.642732                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   233.595381                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    22.404619                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.912482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.087518                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      7749874                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7749874                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      6555022                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6555022                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        16415                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16415                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        15089                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15089                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     14304896                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       14304896                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     14304896                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      14304896                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       173408                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       173408                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5237                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5237                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       178645                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       178645                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       178645                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       178645                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  73217381588                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  73217381588                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3265746046                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3265746046                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  76483127634                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  76483127634                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  76483127634                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  76483127634                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      7923282                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7923282                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      6560259                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6560259                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        16415                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16415                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        15089                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15089                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     14483541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14483541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     14483541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14483541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.021886                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021886                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000798                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000798                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012334                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012334                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012334                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012334                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 422226.088693                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 422226.088693                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 623590.995990                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 623590.995990                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 428129.125551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 428129.125551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 428129.125551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 428129.125551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     45935089                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets            88                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 521989.647727                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        17914                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total           17914                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       123022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       123022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         5088                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5088                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       128110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       128110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       128110                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       128110                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        50386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          149                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          149                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        50535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        50535                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50535                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  17089765719                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17089765719                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     14028279                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14028279                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  17103793998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17103793998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  17103793998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17103793998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003489                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003489                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003489                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003489                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 339176.868952                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339176.868952                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 94149.523490                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94149.523490                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 338454.417691                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 338454.417691                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 338454.417691                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 338454.417691                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              558.664127                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              927884673                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1651040.343416                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    33.537201                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   525.126927                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.053746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.841550                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895295                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11157228                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11157228                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11157228                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       11157228                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11157228                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      11157228                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     53951256                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     53951256                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     53951256                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     53951256                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     53951256                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     53951256                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11157274                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11157274                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11157274                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     11157274                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11157274                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     11157274                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1172853.391304                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1172853.391304                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1172853.391304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1172853.391304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1172853.391304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1172853.391304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     46863839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46863839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     46863839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     46863839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     46863839                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     46863839                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1338966.828571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1338966.828571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1338966.828571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1338966.828571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1338966.828571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1338966.828571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                50143                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              222256405                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                50399                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              4409.936804                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   202.468293                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    53.531707                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.790892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.209108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data     16405259                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      16405259                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      3157906                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3157906                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         7482                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7482                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         7411                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7411                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     19563165                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       19563165                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     19563165                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      19563165                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       177256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       177256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          281                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          281                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       177537                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       177537                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       177537                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       177537                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  79366230545                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  79366230545                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     24238033                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     24238033                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  79390468578                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  79390468578                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  79390468578                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  79390468578                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     16582515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16582515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      3158187                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3158187                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         7482                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7482                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         7411                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7411                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     19740702                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19740702                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     19740702                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19740702                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.010689                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010689                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008993                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008993                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008993                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008993                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 447749.190690                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 447749.190690                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 86256.345196                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86256.345196                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 447177.031143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 447177.031143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 447177.031143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 447177.031143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         5947                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            5947                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       127178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       127178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          216                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          216                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       127394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       127394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       127394                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       127394                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        50078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           65                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           65                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        50143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        50143                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50143                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  16053991371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16053991371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      4227741                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4227741                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  16058219112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16058219112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  16058219112                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16058219112                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 320579.723052                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 320579.723052                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 65042.169231                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65042.169231                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 320248.471611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 320248.471611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 320248.471611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 320248.471611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              559.615665                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              927899182                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1648133.538188                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    34.440188                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   525.175477                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.055193                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.841627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11171737                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11171737                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11171737                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       11171737                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11171737                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      11171737                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     52179463                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     52179463                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     52179463                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     52179463                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     52179463                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     52179463                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11171785                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11171785                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11171785                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     11171785                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11171785                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     11171785                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1087072.145833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1087072.145833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1087072.145833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1087072.145833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1087072.145833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1087072.145833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     45297313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45297313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     45297313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     45297313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     45297313                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     45297313                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1258258.694444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1258258.694444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1258258.694444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1258258.694444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1258258.694444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1258258.694444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                50270                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              222301767                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                50526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              4399.749970                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   202.711849                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    53.288151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.791843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.208157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data     16445529                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      16445529                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      3162993                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3162993                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         7475                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7475                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         7423                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7423                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     19608522                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       19608522                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     19608522                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      19608522                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       177561                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       177561                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          285                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          285                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       177846                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       177846                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       177846                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       177846                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  78473962728                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  78473962728                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     24563340                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     24563340                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  78498526068                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  78498526068                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  78498526068                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  78498526068                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     16623090                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16623090                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      3163278                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3163278                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         7475                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7475                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         7423                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7423                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     19786368                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19786368                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     19786368                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19786368                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.010682                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010682                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008988                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008988                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008988                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008988                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 441954.949161                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 441954.949161                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 86187.157895                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86187.157895                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 441384.827705                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 441384.827705                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 441384.827705                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 441384.827705                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         5952                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            5952                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       127355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       127355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          220                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          220                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       127575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       127575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       127575                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       127575                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        50206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           65                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           65                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        50271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        50271                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50271                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  15916893644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15916893644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      4222018                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4222018                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  15921115662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15921115662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  15921115662                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15921115662                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 317031.702267                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 317031.702267                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 64954.123077                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64954.123077                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 316705.767978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316705.767978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 316705.767978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316705.767978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              496.348009                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1011926665                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             2036069.748491                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    41.348009                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.066263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.795430                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11918565                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11918565                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11918565                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       11918565                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11918565                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      11918565                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    161857405                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    161857405                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    161857405                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    161857405                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    161857405                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    161857405                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11918624                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11918624                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11918624                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     11918624                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11918624                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     11918624                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2743345.847458                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2743345.847458                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2743345.847458                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2743345.847458                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2743345.847458                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2743345.847458                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2926960                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       585392                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    107311917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    107311917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    107311917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    107311917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    107311917                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    107311917                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2555045.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2555045.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2555045.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2555045.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2555045.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2555045.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                35402                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              163377128                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                35658                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              4581.780470                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   233.471615                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    22.528385                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.911998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.088002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      9509759                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9509759                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      7065496                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7065496                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        18291                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18291                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        17187                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17187                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     16575255                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       16575255                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     16575255                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      16575255                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        91029                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        91029                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2071                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2071                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        93100                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        93100                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        93100                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        93100                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  20385244768                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20385244768                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    133536510                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    133536510                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  20518781278                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  20518781278                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  20518781278                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  20518781278                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      9600788                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9600788                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      7067567                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7067567                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        18291                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18291                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        17187                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17187                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     16668355                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16668355                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     16668355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16668355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009481                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009481                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000293                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000293                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005585                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005585                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005585                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005585                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 223942.312538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 223942.312538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 64479.241912                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64479.241912                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 220395.072803                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 220395.072803                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 220395.072803                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 220395.072803                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        11832                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets  2366.400000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8422                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            8422                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        55832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        55832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1866                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1866                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        57698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        57698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        57698                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        57698                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        35197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          205                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          205                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        35402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        35402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        35402                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        35402                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8497894760                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8497894760                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     14965928                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14965928                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8512860688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8512860688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8512860688                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8512860688                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003666                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003666                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 241438.041879                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241438.041879                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 73004.526829                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73004.526829                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 240462.705158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240462.705158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 240462.705158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240462.705158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              520.139687                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1008486031                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1935673.763916                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    45.139687                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.072339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.833557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11573560                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11573560                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11573560                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       11573560                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11573560                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      11573560                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           70                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           70                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           70                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           70                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           70                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           70                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    113145200                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    113145200                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    113145200                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    113145200                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    113145200                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    113145200                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11573630                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11573630                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11573630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     11573630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11573630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     11573630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1616360                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1616360                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1616360                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total      1616360                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1616360                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total      1616360                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       318677                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 159338.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     84692736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     84692736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     84692736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     84692736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     84692736                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     84692736                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1841146.434783                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1841146.434783                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1841146.434783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1841146.434783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1841146.434783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1841146.434783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                38903                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              165337807                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                39159                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              4222.217294                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   233.516126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    22.483874                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.912172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.087828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      7970389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7970389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      6708411                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6708411                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        17256                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17256                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        16153                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16153                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     14678800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       14678800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     14678800                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      14678800                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       124598                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       124598                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          890                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          890                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       125488                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       125488                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       125488                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       125488                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  42425915191                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  42425915191                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     74979351                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     74979351                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  42500894542                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  42500894542                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  42500894542                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  42500894542                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      8094987                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8094987                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      6709301                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6709301                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        17256                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17256                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        16153                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16153                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     14804288                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14804288                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     14804288                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14804288                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.015392                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015392                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008476                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008476                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008476                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008476                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 340502.377173                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 340502.377173                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 84246.461798                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84246.461798                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 338684.930368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 338684.930368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 338684.930368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 338684.930368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8784                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            8784                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        85845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        85845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          740                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          740                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        86585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        86585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        86585                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        86585                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        38753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        38753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          150                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          150                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        38903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        38903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        38903                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        38903                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  11372568712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11372568712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      9661052                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9661052                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  11382229764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11382229764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  11382229764                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11382229764                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002628                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002628                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002628                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002628                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 293462.924470                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 293462.924470                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 64407.013333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64407.013333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 292579.743567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292579.743567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 292579.743567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292579.743567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              495.482344                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1011926758                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             2040174.915323                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    40.482344                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.064876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11918658                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11918658                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11918658                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       11918658                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11918658                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      11918658                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    152876826                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    152876826                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    152876826                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    152876826                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    152876826                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    152876826                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11918716                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11918716                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11918716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     11918716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11918716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     11918716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2635807.344828                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2635807.344828                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2635807.344828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2635807.344828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2635807.344828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2635807.344828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2929404                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 585880.800000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    102196398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    102196398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    102196398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    102196398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    102196398                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    102196398                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2492595.073171                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2492595.073171                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2492595.073171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2492595.073171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2492595.073171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2492595.073171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                35396                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              163377227                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                35652                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              4582.554331                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   233.472639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    22.527361                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.912002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.087998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      9510240                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9510240                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      7065111                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7065111                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        18294                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18294                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        17187                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17187                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     16575351                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       16575351                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     16575351                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      16575351                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        90951                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        90951                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2089                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2089                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        93040                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        93040                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        93040                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        93040                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  20359691925                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20359691925                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    134582912                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    134582912                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  20494274837                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  20494274837                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  20494274837                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  20494274837                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      9601191                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9601191                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      7067200                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7067200                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        18294                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18294                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        17187                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17187                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     16668391                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16668391                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     16668391                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16668391                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009473                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009473                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000296                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000296                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 223853.414751                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 223853.414751                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 64424.562949                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64424.562949                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 220273.805213                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 220273.805213                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 220273.805213                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 220273.805213                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        11681                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets  3893.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8415                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            8415                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        55761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        55761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1883                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1883                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        57644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        57644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        57644                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        57644                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        35190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          206                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          206                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        35396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        35396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        35396                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        35396                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8494264269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8494264269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     15052066                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15052066                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8509316335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8509316335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8509316335                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8509316335                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 241382.900512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241382.900512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 73068.281553                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73068.281553                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 240403.331874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240403.331874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 240403.331874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240403.331874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              559.895766                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              927893669                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1648123.746004                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    34.720576                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   525.175191                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.055642                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.841627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.897269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11166224                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11166224                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11166224                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       11166224                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11166224                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      11166224                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     49363047                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     49363047                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     49363047                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     49363047                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     49363047                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     49363047                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11166272                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11166272                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11166272                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     11166272                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11166272                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     11166272                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1028396.812500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1028396.812500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1028396.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1028396.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1028396.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1028396.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     42276157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42276157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     42276157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     42276157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     42276157                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     42276157                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1174337.694444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1174337.694444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1174337.694444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1174337.694444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1174337.694444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1174337.694444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                50202                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              222288461                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                50458                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              4405.415613                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   202.404900                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    53.595100                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.790644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.209356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data     16433937                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      16433937                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      3161288                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3161288                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         7470                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7470                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         7419                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7419                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     19595225                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       19595225                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     19595225                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      19595225                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       177438                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       177438                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          293                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          293                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       177731                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       177731                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       177731                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       177731                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  78447585726                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  78447585726                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     25292695                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     25292695                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  78472878421                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  78472878421                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  78472878421                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  78472878421                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     16611375                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16611375                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      3161581                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3161581                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         7470                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7470                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         7419                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7419                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     19772956                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19772956                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     19772956                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19772956                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.010682                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010682                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000093                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000093                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008989                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008989                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008989                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008989                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 442112.657525                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 442112.657525                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 86323.191126                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86323.191126                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 441526.117678                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 441526.117678                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 441526.117678                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 441526.117678                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         5958                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            5958                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       127302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       127302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          227                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          227                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       127529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       127529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       127529                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       127529                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        50136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        50202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        50202                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50202                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  15942193377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15942193377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      4297854                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4297854                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  15946491231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15946491231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  15946491231                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15946491231                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003018                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003018                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 317978.964756                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 317978.964756                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data        65119                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        65119                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 317646.532628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 317646.532628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 317646.532628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 317646.532628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              517.927597                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1009190762                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1944490.870906                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    35.927597                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.057576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     10971017                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10971017                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     10971017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       10971017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     10971017                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      10971017                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     96643958                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     96643958                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     96643958                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     96643958                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     96643958                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     96643958                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     10971066                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10971066                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     10971066                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     10971066                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     10971066                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     10971066                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1972325.673469                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1972325.673469                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1972325.673469                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1972325.673469                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1972325.673469                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1972325.673469                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     68267865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68267865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     68267865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68267865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     68267865                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68267865                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1845077.432432                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1845077.432432                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1845077.432432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1845077.432432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1845077.432432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1845077.432432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                50428                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              170818891                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                50684                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              3370.272492                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   233.595554                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    22.404446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.912483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.087517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      7737207                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7737207                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      6543802                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6543802                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        16441                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16441                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        15063                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15063                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     14281009                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       14281009                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     14281009                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      14281009                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       172815                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       172815                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5074                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5074                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       177889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       177889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       177889                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       177889                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  73466503389                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  73466503389                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3271878453                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3271878453                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  76738381842                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  76738381842                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  76738381842                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  76738381842                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      7910022                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7910022                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      6548876                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6548876                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        16441                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16441                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        15063                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15063                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     14458898                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14458898                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     14458898                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14458898                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.021848                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021848                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000775                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000775                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 425116.473622                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 425116.473622                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 644832.174419                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 644832.174419                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 431383.513551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 431383.513551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 431383.513551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 431383.513551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     45507174                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets            81                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 561816.962963                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        17921                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total           17921                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       122533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       122533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4928                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         4928                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       127461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       127461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       127461                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       127461                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        50282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        50428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        50428                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50428                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  17324614888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17324614888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     12654700                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12654700                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  17337269588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17337269588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  17337269588                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17337269588                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006357                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006357                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 344549.041168                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 344549.041168                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 86676.027397                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86676.027397                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 343802.442849                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 343802.442849                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 343802.442849                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 343802.442849                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              578.680608                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1038187103                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1780766.900515                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    37.602512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   541.078096                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.060260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.867112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.927373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     10471782                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10471782                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     10471782                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       10471782                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     10471782                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      10471782                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    112010067                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    112010067                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    112010067                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    112010067                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    112010067                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    112010067                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     10471838                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10471838                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     10471838                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     10471838                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     10471838                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     10471838                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2000179.767857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2000179.767857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2000179.767857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2000179.767857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2000179.767857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2000179.767857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       596566                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       298283                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     84075575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     84075575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     84075575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     84075575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     84075575                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     84075575                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2101889.375000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2101889.375000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2101889.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2101889.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2101889.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2101889.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                71402                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              443183349                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                71658                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              6184.701624                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   111.899055                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   144.100945                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.437106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.562894                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data     27419387                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      27419387                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data     15014108                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15014108                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         7340                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7340                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         7324                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7324                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     42433495                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       42433495                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     42433495                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      42433495                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       261639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       261639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          250                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          250                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       261889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       261889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       261889                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       261889                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 127926572924                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 127926572924                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    209873177                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    209873177                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 128136446101                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 128136446101                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 128136446101                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 128136446101                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     27681026                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     27681026                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     15014358                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15014358                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         7340                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7340                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         7324                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7324                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     42695384                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     42695384                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     42695384                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     42695384                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009452                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009452                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006134                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006134                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006134                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006134                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 488943.058657                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 488943.058657                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 839492.708000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 839492.708000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 489277.694371                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 489277.694371                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 489277.694371                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 489277.694371                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12399                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total           12399                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       190303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       190303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          184                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          184                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       190487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       190487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       190487                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       190487                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        71336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        71336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        71402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        71402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        71402                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        71402                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  33699070937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33699070937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     62743432                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62743432                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  33761814369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33761814369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  33761814369                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33761814369                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002577                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002577                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001672                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001672                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001672                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001672                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 472399.222510                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 472399.222510                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 950658.060606                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 950658.060606                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 472841.298129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 472841.298129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 472841.298129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 472841.298129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              517.278343                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1009204516                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1948271.266409                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    35.278343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.056536                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     10984771                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10984771                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     10984771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       10984771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     10984771                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      10984771                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     98230541                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     98230541                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     98230541                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     98230541                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     98230541                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     98230541                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     10984825                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10984825                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     10984825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     10984825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     10984825                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     10984825                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1819084.092593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1819084.092593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1819084.092593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1819084.092593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1819084.092593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1819084.092593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     66999550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66999550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     66999550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     66999550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     66999550                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     66999550                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1861098.611111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1861098.611111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1861098.611111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1861098.611111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1861098.611111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1861098.611111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                50352                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              170834333                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                50608                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              3375.638891                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   233.597645                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    22.402355                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.912491                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.087509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      7744843                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7744843                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      6551633                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6551633                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        16398                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16398                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        15081                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15081                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     14296476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       14296476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     14296476                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      14296476                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       172885                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       172885                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5041                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5041                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       177926                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       177926                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       177926                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       177926                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  73200137185                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  73200137185                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3104915877                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3104915877                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  76305053062                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  76305053062                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  76305053062                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  76305053062                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      7917728                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7917728                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      6556674                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6556674                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        16398                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16398                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        15081                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15081                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     14474402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14474402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     14474402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14474402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.021835                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021835                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000769                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000769                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012292                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012292                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012292                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012292                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 423403.633543                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 423403.633543                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 615932.528665                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 615932.528665                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 428858.362814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 428858.362814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 428858.362814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 428858.362814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     43110176                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets            81                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 532224.395062                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        17932                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total           17932                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       122679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       122679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         4895                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         4895                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       127574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       127574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       127574                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       127574                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        50206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        50352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        50352                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50352                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  17096047748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17096047748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     13361826                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13361826                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  17109409574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17109409574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  17109409574                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17109409574                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003479                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003479                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003479                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003479                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 340518.020715                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340518.020715                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 91519.356164                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91519.356164                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 339796.027447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339796.027447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 339796.027447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339796.027447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              578.239337                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1038158801                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1780718.355060                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    37.161312                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   541.078025                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.059553                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.867112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.926666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     10443480                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10443480                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     10443480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       10443480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     10443480                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      10443480                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     96698750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     96698750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     96698750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     96698750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     96698750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     96698750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     10443537                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10443537                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     10443537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     10443537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     10443537                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     10443537                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1696469.298246                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1696469.298246                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1696469.298246                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1696469.298246                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1696469.298246                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1696469.298246                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        76092                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        76092                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     76184031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76184031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     76184031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     76184031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     76184031                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     76184031                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1904600.775000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1904600.775000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1904600.775000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1904600.775000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1904600.775000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1904600.775000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                71237                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              443042182                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                71493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              6197.000853                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   111.900451                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   144.099549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.437111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.562889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data     27326914                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      27326914                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data     14965459                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     14965459                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         7319                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7319                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         7300                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7300                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     42292373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       42292373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     42292373                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      42292373                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       261089                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       261089                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          266                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          266                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       261355                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       261355                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       261355                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       261355                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 128906442097                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 128906442097                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    254954942                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    254954942                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 129161397039                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 129161397039                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 129161397039                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 129161397039                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     27588003                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     27588003                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     14965725                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     14965725                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7319                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7319                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7300                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7300                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     42553728                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     42553728                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     42553728                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     42553728                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009464                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009464                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006142                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006142                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 493726.055472                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 493726.055472                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 958477.225564                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 958477.225564                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 494199.066553                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 494199.066553                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 494199.066553                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 494199.066553                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1939824                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets      1939824                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12335                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total           12335                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       189917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       189917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       190117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       190117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       190117                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       190117                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        71172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        71172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        71238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        71238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        71238                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        71238                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  34031315248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34031315248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     63459210                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63459210                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  34094774458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  34094774458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  34094774458                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  34094774458                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002580                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002580                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 478155.949643                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 478155.949643                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 961503.181818                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 961503.181818                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 478603.757236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 478603.757236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 478603.757236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 478603.757236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              517.608512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1009214379                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1944536.375723                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    35.608512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.057065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.829501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     10994634                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10994634                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     10994634                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       10994634                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     10994634                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      10994634                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     96892886                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     96892886                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     96892886                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     96892886                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     96892886                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     96892886                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     10994686                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10994686                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     10994686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     10994686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     10994686                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     10994686                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1863324.730769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1863324.730769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1863324.730769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1863324.730769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1863324.730769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1863324.730769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     68812600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68812600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     68812600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68812600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     68812600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68812600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1859800                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1859800                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1859800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1859800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1859800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1859800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                50567                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              170845915                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                50823                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              3361.586585                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   233.597863                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    22.402137                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.912492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.087508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      7750297                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7750297                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      6557727                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6557727                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        16418                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16418                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        15095                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15095                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     14308024                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       14308024                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     14308024                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      14308024                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       173277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       173277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         5179                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5179                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       178456                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       178456                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       178456                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       178456                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  73125906368                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  73125906368                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3227640306                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3227640306                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  76353546674                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  76353546674                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  76353546674                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  76353546674                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      7923574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7923574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      6562906                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6562906                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        16418                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16418                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        15095                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15095                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     14486480                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14486480                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     14486480                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14486480                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.021869                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021869                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000789                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000789                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012319                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012319                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 422017.384696                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 422017.384696                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 623216.896312                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 623216.896312                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 427856.427769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 427856.427769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 427856.427769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 427856.427769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     46832265                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets            85                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 550967.823529                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        17930                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total           17930                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       122856                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       122856                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         5033                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5033                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       127889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       127889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       127889                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       127889                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        50421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        50567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        50567                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50567                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  17078467700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17078467700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     14800878                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14800878                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  17093268578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17093268578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  17093268578                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17093268578                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006363                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006363                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003491                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003491                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003491                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003491                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 338717.353880                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 338717.353880                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 101375.876712                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101375.876712                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 338032.087686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 338032.087686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 338032.087686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 338032.087686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              559.486510                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              927876956                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1651026.612100                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    33.467276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   526.019235                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.053633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.842980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     11149511                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11149511                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     11149511                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       11149511                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     11149511                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      11149511                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     48682027                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     48682027                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     48682027                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     48682027                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     48682027                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     48682027                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     11149557                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11149557                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     11149557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     11149557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     11149557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     11149557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1058304.934783                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1058304.934783                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1058304.934783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1058304.934783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1058304.934783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1058304.934783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     42960956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42960956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     42960956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     42960956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     42960956                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     42960956                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1227455.885714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1227455.885714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1227455.885714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1227455.885714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1227455.885714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1227455.885714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                50169                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              222249846                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                50425                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              4407.532890                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   201.819302                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    54.180698                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.788357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.211643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data     16398753                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      16398753                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      3157871                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3157871                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         7464                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7464                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         7411                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7411                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     19556624                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       19556624                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     19556624                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      19556624                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       177242                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       177242                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          281                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          281                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       177523                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       177523                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       177523                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       177523                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  79566014459                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  79566014459                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     24136992                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     24136992                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  79590151451                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  79590151451                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  79590151451                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  79590151451                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     16575995                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16575995                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      3158152                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3158152                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         7464                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7464                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         7411                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7411                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     19734147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19734147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     19734147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19734147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010693                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010693                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008996                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008996                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008996                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008996                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 448911.739086                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 448911.739086                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 85896.768683                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85896.768683                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 448337.125054                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 448337.125054                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 448337.125054                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 448337.125054                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         5950                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            5950                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       127138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       127138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          216                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          216                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       127354                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       127354                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       127354                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       127354                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        50104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           65                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           65                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        50169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        50169                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50169                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  16085784480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16085784480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      4228620                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4228620                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  16090013100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16090013100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  16090013100                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16090013100                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002542                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002542                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002542                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002542                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 321047.909947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 321047.909947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 65055.692308                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65055.692308                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 320716.241105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 320716.241105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 320716.241105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 320716.241105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              519.223161                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1008506207                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1939435.013462                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    44.223161                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.070870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11593736                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11593736                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11593736                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       11593736                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11593736                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      11593736                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    108653920                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    108653920                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    108653920                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    108653920                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    108653920                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    108653920                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11593795                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11593795                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11593795                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     11593795                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11593795                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     11593795                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1841591.864407                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1841591.864407                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1841591.864407                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1841591.864407                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1841591.864407                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1841591.864407                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1984473                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 330745.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     95233011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     95233011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     95233011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     95233011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     95233011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     95233011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2116289.133333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2116289.133333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2116289.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2116289.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2116289.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2116289.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                39003                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              165364186                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                39259                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              4212.134441                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   233.517376                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    22.482624                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.912177                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.087823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      7983579                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7983579                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      6721536                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6721536                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        17289                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17289                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        16184                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16184                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     14705115                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       14705115                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     14705115                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      14705115                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       124795                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       124795                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          874                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          874                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       125669                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       125669                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       125669                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       125669                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  41733217380                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  41733217380                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     73705880                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     73705880                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  41806923260                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  41806923260                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  41806923260                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  41806923260                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      8108374                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8108374                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      6722410                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6722410                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        17289                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17289                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        16184                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16184                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     14830784                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14830784                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     14830784                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14830784                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.015391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008474                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008474                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 334414.178292                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 334414.178292                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 84331.670481                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84331.670481                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 332674.909962                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 332674.909962                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 332674.909962                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 332674.909962                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8802                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            8802                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        85940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        85940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          726                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          726                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        86666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        86666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        86666                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        86666                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        38855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        38855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        39003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        39003                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39003                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  11176151288                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11176151288                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      9545838                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9545838                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  11185697126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11185697126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  11185697126                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11185697126                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004792                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004792                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002630                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002630                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002630                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002630                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 287637.402857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287637.402857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 64498.905405                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64498.905405                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 286790.685999                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 286790.685999                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 286790.685999                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 286790.685999                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
