
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001083                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1083176265                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               400285317693                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 426384                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   562242                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  39712                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67617488                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 27276.03                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11630075991                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15335716907                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         2944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        26496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        78720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        17536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        28288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        20352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        28160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        25344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        16512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        46336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        29056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        20352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        28288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        26496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        25600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        19840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        78720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               561792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         2944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           45696                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       222592                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            222592                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          207                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          615                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          137                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          221                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          159                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          220                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          198                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          129                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          362                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          227                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          159                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          221                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          207                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          200                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          155                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          615                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  4389                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1739                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1739                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      2717933                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     24461393                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1536223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     72675152                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1299881                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     16189424                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      2954274                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     26115786                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      3072445                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     18789186                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      2954274                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     25997615                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      2954274                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     23397854                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1299881                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     15244056                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      3545129                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     42777895                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      3072445                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     26824812                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      3190616                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     18789186                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      3072445                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     26115786                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      2954274                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     24461393                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      2836104                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     23634196                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      3190616                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     18316502                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1536223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     72675152                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               518652428                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      2717933                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1536223                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1299881                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      2954274                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      3072445                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      2954274                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      2954274                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1299881                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      3545129                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      3072445                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      3190616                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      3072445                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      2954274                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      2836104                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      3190616                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1536223                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           42187040                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         205499333                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              205499333                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         205499333                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      2717933                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     24461393                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      1536223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     72675152                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      1299881                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     16189424                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      2954274                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     26115786                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      3072445                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     18789186                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      2954274                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     25997615                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      2954274                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     23397854                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      1299881                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     15244056                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      3545129                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     42777895                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      3072445                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     26824812                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      3190616                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     18789186                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      3072445                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     26115786                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      2954274                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     24461393                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      2836104                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     23634196                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      3190616                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     18316502                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      1536223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     72675152                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              724151761                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2597546                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         209666                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       171714                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22398                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        86390                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79915                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21202                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1026                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2008949                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1196108                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            209666                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       101117                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              261738                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         64019                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles        68209                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          125315                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22108                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2380148                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615081                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.969179                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2118410     89.00%     89.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          27836      1.17%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          32662      1.37%     91.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          17726      0.74%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          19813      0.83%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          11805      0.50%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6           7680      0.32%     93.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          20438      0.86%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         123778      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2380148                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.080717                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.460476                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1991988                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles        85817                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          259268                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         2217                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        40854                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        34015                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          400                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1458936                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         2167                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        40854                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1995693                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         15863                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        60540                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          257803                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles         9391                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1456747                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         1954                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         4626                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      2027241                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6780414                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6780414                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1703088                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         324140                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          407                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          240                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           27211                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       139478                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        75104                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1927                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        15599                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1452761                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          410                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1364788                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1701                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       196586                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       459502                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           72                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2380148                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.573405                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.264377                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1805365     75.85%     75.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       230997      9.71%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       124485      5.23%     90.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        85941      3.61%     94.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        74979      3.15%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        38255      1.61%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9552      0.40%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6097      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4477      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2380148                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           348     11.69%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1276     42.85%     54.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1354     45.47%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1142997     83.75%     83.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21278      1.56%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          166      0.01%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       125941      9.23%     94.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74406      5.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1364788                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.525414                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2978                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002182                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5114403                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1649801                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1340446                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1367766                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3511                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26599                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           45                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2040                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           83                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        40854                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         11006                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1199                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1453176                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           18                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       139478                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75104                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          241                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          837                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           45                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12300                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12971                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        25271                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1343185                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       118148                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21603                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             192516                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         187444                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            74368                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.517098                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1340536                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1340446                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          797410                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         2087783                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.516043                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.381941                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000001                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1226883                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       226295                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          338                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        22338                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2339294                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524467                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342611                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1838037     78.57%     78.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       232563      9.94%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97410      4.16%     92.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        58352      2.49%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40419      1.73%     96.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26306      1.12%     98.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13787      0.59%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10844      0.46%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        21576      0.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2339294                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1226883                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               185940                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              112876                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               168                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           175550                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1106114                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        24959                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        21576                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3770883                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2947225                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 32784                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                217398                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1226883                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.597543                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.597543                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.384979                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.384979                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6057609                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1863127                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1360648                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          338                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2597546                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         201670                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       164335                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21243                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        82077                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          76886                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20132                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          943                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1957726                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1194455                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            201670                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches        97018                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              245004                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         66492                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles        62298                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          122213                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21327                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2309496                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.628637                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.996046                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2064492     89.39%     89.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          12910      0.56%     89.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          20640      0.89%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          31015      1.34%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          12806      0.55%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          15010      0.65%     93.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          15706      0.68%     94.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          11246      0.49%     94.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         125671      5.44%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2309496                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.077639                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.459840                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        1932859                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles        87845                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          243272                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         1375                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        44144                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        32828                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          326                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1447976                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1071                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        44144                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        1937764                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         42302                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        30430                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          239834                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        15013                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1444781                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          829                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         2738                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         7530                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1165                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      1977597                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      6736049                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      6736049                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1631802                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         345748                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          312                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          163                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           43939                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       145859                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        80833                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4057                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        15650                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1439943                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          313                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1345459                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2042                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       219408                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       502376                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2309496                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.582577                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.266459                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1736179     75.18%     75.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       232430     10.06%     85.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       128600      5.57%     90.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        84446      3.66%     94.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        77158      3.34%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        23768      1.03%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17230      0.75%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5841      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3844      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2309496                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           381     11.17%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1462     42.86%     54.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1568     45.97%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1107964     82.35%     82.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        24805      1.84%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          149      0.01%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       133121      9.89%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        79420      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1345459                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.517973                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3411                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002535                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5005866                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1659728                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1320876                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1348870                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6504                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30249                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           66                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5127                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1079                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        44144                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         31031                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1684                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1440256                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           25                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       145859                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        80833                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          163                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents          914                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           39                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           66                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11513                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13194                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        24707                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1325877                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       126200                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19581                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             205467                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         179769                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            79267                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.510434                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1321003                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1320876                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          782190                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         1983802                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.508509                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.394288                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts       978039                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1192554                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       248829                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          300                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        21654                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2265352                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526432                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377242                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1782208     78.67%     78.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       230050     10.16%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        95488      4.22%     93.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        48778      2.15%     95.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        36618      1.62%     96.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        20849      0.92%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12825      0.57%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10761      0.48%     98.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27775      1.23%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2265352                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts       978039                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1192554                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               191308                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              115606                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               150                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           165511                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         1078264                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        23253                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        27775                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            3678960                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           2926954                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 35032                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                288050                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts            978039                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1192554                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total       978039                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.655872                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.655872                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.376524                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.376524                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        6018925                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1805205                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1372346                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          300                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2597546                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         234716                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       195621                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23024                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        89685                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits          84020                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24814                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1060                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2033413                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1286296                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            234716                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       108834                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              267317                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         65085                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles        68771                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           17                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          127946                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21947                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2411382                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.656160                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.034085                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2144065     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          16255      0.67%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          20142      0.84%     90.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          32747      1.36%     91.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          13445      0.56%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          17876      0.74%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          20387      0.85%     93.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7           9730      0.40%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         136735      5.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2411382                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.090361                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.495197                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        2021502                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles        82054                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          265962                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles          163                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        41698                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        35418                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          166                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1571903                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts          994                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        41698                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        2023993                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles          6351                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        69591                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          263601                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles         6141                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1561466                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents          821                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         4214                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      2181280                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      7256204                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      7256204                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1789704                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         391544                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          363                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          185                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           22160                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       147446                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        75339                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads          805                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        17192                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1522385                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          363                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1449178                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1734                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       206478                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       433880                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2411382                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.600974                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.323952                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1798909     74.60%     74.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       278189     11.54%     86.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       114470      4.75%     90.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        64326      2.67%     93.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        86364      3.58%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27410      1.14%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26570      1.10%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        14007      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1137      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2411382                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9996     78.85%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1379     10.88%     89.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1302     10.27%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1221487     84.29%     84.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19601      1.35%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          178      0.01%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       132886      9.17%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        75026      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1449178                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.557903                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12677                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008748                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5324148                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1729234                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1408793                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1461855                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          945                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31129                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1379                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        41698                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles          4860                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles          640                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1522750                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1051                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       147446                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75339                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          185                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents          561                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12937                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13448                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        26385                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1421971                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130226                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        27206                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             205232                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         200425                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            75006                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.547429                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1408808                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1408793                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          843925                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         2267853                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.542355                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.372125                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1040990                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1282886                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       239849                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          356                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        23050                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2369684                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.541374                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.360368                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1825828     77.05%     77.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       276123     11.65%     88.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       100228      4.23%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        49652      2.10%     95.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45178      1.91%     96.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19202      0.81%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19056      0.80%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9043      0.38%     98.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25374      1.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2369684                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      1040990                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1282886                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               190274                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              116314                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               178                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           185917                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         1155094                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        26512                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        25374                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            3867045                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           3087192                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 32779                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                186164                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           1040990                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1282886                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      1040990                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.495265                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.495265                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.400759                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.400759                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        6395308                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1970948                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1451189                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          356                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2597546                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         195569                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       175800                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17119                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       132877                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         128940                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10618                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          542                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2075102                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1114722                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            195569                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       139558                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              247541                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         57038                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles        33038                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          126885                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16572                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2395496                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.518412                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.758073                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2147955     89.67%     89.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          38619      1.61%     91.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          18212      0.76%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          38028      1.59%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          10796      0.45%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          35586      1.49%     95.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6           5176      0.22%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7           8436      0.35%     96.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8          92688      3.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2395496                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.075290                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.429144                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        2036519                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles        72409                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          246858                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          271                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        39436                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        17231                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          382                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1237063                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1668                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        39436                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        2041089                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         46487                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles        13328                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          242881                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        12272                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1234047                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           10                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents          983                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        10505                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      1608697                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      5577808                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      5577808                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1266272                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         342395                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          164                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts           91                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           24682                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       231641                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        33319                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads          308                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores         7413                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1225663                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          166                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1134826                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1100                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       247072                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       522025                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2395496                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.473733                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.083673                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1897771     79.22%     79.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       153331      6.40%     85.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       170353      7.11%     92.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        98089      4.09%     96.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        48764      2.04%     98.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        12612      0.53%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13923      0.58%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          356      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          297      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2395496                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1882     56.98%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead          805     24.37%     81.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          616     18.65%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       884283     77.92%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         8195      0.72%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           74      0.01%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       209459     18.46%     97.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        32815      2.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1134826                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.436884                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3303                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002911                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4669551                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1472921                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1103507                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1138129                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          910                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        51331                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1332                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        39436                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         28061                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1471                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1225833                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          169                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       231641                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        33319                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           89                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents          415                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           31                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10671                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7379                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        18050                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1119700                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       206340                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15126                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             239131                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         170611                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            32791                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.431061                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1103915                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1103507                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          669979                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         1425014                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.424827                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.470156                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts       874543                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps       976379                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       249501                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          154                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        16828                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2356060                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.414412                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.285811                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1996927     84.76%     84.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       138198      5.87%     90.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91518      3.88%     94.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        27982      1.19%     95.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        49280      2.09%     97.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         8867      0.38%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5813      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4934      0.21%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        32541      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2356060                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts       874543                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps       976379                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               212288                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              180301                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars                76                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           150685                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts          850522                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        11348                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        32541                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            3549386                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           2491252                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 48159                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                202050                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts            874543                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps              976379                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total       874543                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.970175                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.970175                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.336680                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.336680                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        5216012                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1430689                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1324947                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          154                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2597546                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         213830                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       175018                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22726                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        86740                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          81868                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21613                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1034                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2054494                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1196479                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            213830                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       103481                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              248347                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         62829                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles        46357                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          127260                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22570                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2389021                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615173                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.961957                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2140674     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          11421      0.48%     90.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          18021      0.75%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          24180      1.01%     91.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          25504      1.07%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          21599      0.90%     93.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          11528      0.48%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          18273      0.76%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         117821      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2389021                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.082320                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.460619                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        2033949                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles        67346                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          247747                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles          358                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        39614                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        34958                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          211                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1466290                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1276                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        39614                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        2039849                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         13282                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles        41183                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          242229                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        12855                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1465052                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         1574                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         5730                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      2045171                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      6811509                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      6811509                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1740855                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         304316                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          352                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          180                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           40482                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       137892                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        73545                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads          826                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        17935                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1462262                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          352                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1379494                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          297                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       179074                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       433227                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2389021                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577431                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269768                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1805847     75.59%     75.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       239291     10.02%     85.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       121727      5.10%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        91945      3.85%     94.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        71872      3.01%     97.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28870      1.21%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18560      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9556      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1353      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2389021                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           288     11.77%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead          905     36.98%     48.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1254     51.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1160677     84.14%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20479      1.48%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          171      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       125024      9.06%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        73143      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1379494                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.531076                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2447                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001774                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5150753                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1641704                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1356397                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1381941                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2650                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24687                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           17                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1497                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        39614                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         10579                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1145                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1462618                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           22                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       137892                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        73545                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          180                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents          971                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           17                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12449                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13413                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        25862                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1358546                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       117406                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20948                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             190526                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         192684                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            73120                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.523011                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1356484                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1356397                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          779521                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         2100727                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.522184                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.371072                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1014989                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1249074                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       213553                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          345                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        22784                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2349407                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531655                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377949                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1836261     78.16%     78.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       254643     10.84%     89.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96191      4.09%     93.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        45387      1.93%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        38535      1.64%     96.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22495      0.96%     97.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19598      0.83%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8691      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27606      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2349407                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      1014989                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1249074                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               185253                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              113205                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               172                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           180100                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1125430                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        25737                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        27606                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            3784415                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           2964874                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 32952                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                208525                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           1014989                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1249074                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      1014989                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.559186                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.559186                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.390749                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.390749                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        6111852                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1891175                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1358816                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          344                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2597546                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         195475                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       175760                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17106                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       132720                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         129046                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10624                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          517                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2076306                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1113649                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            195475                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       139670                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              247460                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         56856                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles        32719                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          126900                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16559                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2396131                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.517806                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.756474                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2148671     89.67%     89.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          38401      1.60%     91.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          18431      0.77%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          38073      1.59%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          10804      0.45%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          35768      1.49%     95.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6           5162      0.22%     95.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7           8348      0.35%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8          92473      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2396131                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.075254                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.428731                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        2035133                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles        74669                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          246778                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles          281                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        39267                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        17155                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          381                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1235988                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1668                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        39267                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        2039975                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         48006                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles        13328                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          242638                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        12914                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1233035                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         1006                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        11128                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      1607163                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      5573023                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      5573023                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1266920                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         340213                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          163                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts           90                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           25542                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       231655                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        33242                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads          319                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores         7370                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1224737                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          165                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1134883                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1107                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       245627                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       517727                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2396131                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.473631                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.083011                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1897885     79.21%     79.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       153927      6.42%     85.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       170344      7.11%     92.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        98190      4.10%     96.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        48668      2.03%     98.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        12622      0.53%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13849      0.58%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          346      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          300      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2396131                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1879     56.97%     56.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead          804     24.38%     81.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          615     18.65%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       884101     77.90%     77.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         8172      0.72%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           74      0.01%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       209782     18.48%     97.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        32754      2.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1134883                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.436906                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3298                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002906                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4670302                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1470550                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1103420                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1138181                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          863                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        51180                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           23                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1255                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        39267                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         28241                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1545                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1224906                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          167                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       231655                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        33242                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           88                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents          398                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           33                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           23                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10727                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7314                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        18041                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1119566                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       206463                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15317                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             239195                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         170598                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            32732                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.431009                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1103851                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1103420                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          669996                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         1424934                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.424793                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.470194                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts       875096                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps       976932                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       248016                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          154                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        16815                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2356864                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.414505                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.285887                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1997466     84.75%     84.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       138339      5.87%     90.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91563      3.88%     94.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        28050      1.19%     95.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        49293      2.09%     97.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         8859      0.38%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5769      0.24%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4964      0.21%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        32561      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2356864                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts       875096                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps       976932                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               212455                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              180468                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars                76                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           150778                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts          850982                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        11348                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        32561                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            3549238                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           2489218                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 48027                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                201415                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts            875096                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps              976932                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total       875096                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.968298                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.968298                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.336893                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.336893                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        5215858                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1430485                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1323979                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          154                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2597546                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         209629                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       171685                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22393                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        88333                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80022                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21298                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1021                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2010537                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1197624                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            209629                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       101320                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              262199                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         64359                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles        66014                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          125473                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22108                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2380341                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616250                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.970638                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2118142     88.98%     88.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          27892      1.17%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          32391      1.36%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          17837      0.75%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          20142      0.85%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          11749      0.49%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6           7781      0.33%     93.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          20556      0.86%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         123851      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2380341                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.080703                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.461060                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        1993416                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles        83787                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          259845                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         2101                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        41188                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        34016                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          404                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1461730                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         2224                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        41188                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        1997034                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         17006                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        57518                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          258357                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles         9234                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1459498                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents            6                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         2052                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         4513                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      2030266                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      6795001                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      6795001                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1701569                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         328697                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          390                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          224                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           26656                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       140426                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        75470                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1860                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        15971                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1455412                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          393                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1366449                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1936                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       200630                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       467544                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           56                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2380341                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574056                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.265122                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1805086     75.83%     75.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       231042      9.71%     85.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       124542      5.23%     90.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86057      3.62%     94.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75032      3.15%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        38568      1.62%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9411      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6106      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4497      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2380341                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           357     11.75%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1338     44.03%     55.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1344     44.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1143798     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21284      1.56%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          165      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       126555      9.26%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74647      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1366449                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.526054                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3039                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002224                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5118214                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1656477                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1341509                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1369488                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3310                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27667                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           43                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2506                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           83                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        41188                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         12061                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1243                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1455812                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           17                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       140426                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75470                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          225                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents          870                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           43                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12317                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12937                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        25254                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1344391                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       118409                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22058                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             193018                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         187345                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            74609                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.517562                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1341590                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1341509                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          798461                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         2092029                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.516452                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.381668                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts       999062                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1225686                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       230134                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          337                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        22335                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2339153                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523987                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342298                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1838338     78.59%     78.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       232328      9.93%     88.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97597      4.17%     92.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        58169      2.49%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40259      1.72%     96.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26259      1.12%     98.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13734      0.59%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10830      0.46%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        21639      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2339153                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts       999062                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1225686                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               185723                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              112759                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               168                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           175363                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         1105016                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        24920                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        21639                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            3773321                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           2952835                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 32891                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                217205                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts            999062                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1225686                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total       999062                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.599985                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.599985                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.384618                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.384618                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        6063055                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1864413                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1362543                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          336                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2597546                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         235271                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       196048                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22914                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        89043                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          83733                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24772                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1041                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2036633                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1289743                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            235271                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       108505                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              267839                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         64740                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles        67274                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           17                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          128027                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21825                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2413392                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.657102                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.035891                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2145553     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          16262      0.67%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          20353      0.84%     90.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          32727      1.36%     91.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          13442      0.56%     92.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          17747      0.74%     93.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          20305      0.84%     93.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7           9662      0.40%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         137341      5.69%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2413392                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.090574                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.496524                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        2024440                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles        80863                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          266454                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles          169                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        41463                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        35533                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          166                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1575313                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts          994                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        41463                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        2027075                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles          6256                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles        68323                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          263947                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles         6321                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1564248                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents          816                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         4371                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      2186520                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      7267641                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      7267641                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1795832                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         390654                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          364                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          186                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           23359                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       147329                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        75611                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads          876                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        17269                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1525424                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          366                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1452433                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1731                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       204688                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       429945                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            6                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2413392                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.601822                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.324567                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1799099     74.55%     74.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       279347     11.57%     86.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       114971      4.76%     90.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        64323      2.67%     93.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        86379      3.58%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27339      1.13%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26756      1.11%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13996      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1182      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2413392                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10097     79.07%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1366     10.70%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1307     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1224401     84.30%     84.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19666      1.35%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          178      0.01%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       132898      9.15%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        75290      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1452433                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.559156                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12770                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008792                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5332758                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1730486                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1412662                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1465203                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          980                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30586                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1390                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        41463                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles          4782                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles          648                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1525792                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1196                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       147329                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75611                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          186                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents          559                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12726                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13506                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        26232                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1425550                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130384                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26882                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             205655                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         201143                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            75271                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.548806                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1412679                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1412662                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          846282                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         2271560                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.543845                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.372555                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1044598                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1287366                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       238415                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          360                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        22940                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2371929                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.542751                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.361679                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1826210     76.99%     76.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       277111     11.68%     88.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       100344      4.23%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        49929      2.10%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45414      1.91%     96.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19254      0.81%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19197      0.81%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9088      0.38%     98.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25382      1.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2371929                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      1044598                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1287366                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               190964                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              116743                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               180                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           186577                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1159136                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        26614                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        25382                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            3872328                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           3093045                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 32679                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                184154                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           1044598                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1287366                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      1044598                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.486647                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.486647                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.402148                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.402148                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        6411000                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1976814                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1455263                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          360                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2597546                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         201852                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       181904                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12500                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        90933                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          70224                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10818                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          555                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2122526                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1269204                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            201852                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches        81042                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              249882                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         39743                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles        54930                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          123646                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12373                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2454276                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.607109                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.939706                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2204394     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1           8673      0.35%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          18178      0.74%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3           7443      0.30%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          40819      1.66%     92.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          36593      1.49%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6           7033      0.29%     94.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          14929      0.61%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         116214      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2454276                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.077709                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.488617                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        2109901                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles        68005                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          248788                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles          865                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        26713                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        17712                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          225                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1486664                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1388                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        26713                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        2112820                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         47162                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles        13157                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          246834                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles         7586                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1484583                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents            6                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         2799                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         3036                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents           18                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      1749474                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      6986729                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      6986729                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1511645                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         237802                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          179                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts           96                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           21277                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       348212                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       174969                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1594                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores         8597                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1479288                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          182                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1410878                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1106                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       136510                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       331134                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2454276                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574865                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.371937                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1952415     79.55%     79.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       150743      6.14%     85.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       123368      5.03%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        53192      2.17%     92.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        67631      2.76%     95.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        64935      2.65%     98.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        37152      1.51%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3008      0.12%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1832      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2454276                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3527     11.03%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        27606     86.32%     97.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          847      2.65%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       886951     62.87%     62.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12204      0.86%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           83      0.01%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       337451     23.92%     87.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       174189     12.35%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1410878                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.543158                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             31980                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022667                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5309116                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1616041                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1396712                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1442858                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2642                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        17439                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           62                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2090                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          123                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        26713                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         43120                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1839                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1479479                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           29                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       348212                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       174969                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           96                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1223                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           18                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           62                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6563                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7742                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        14305                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1399608                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       336127                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11268                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             510244                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         182896                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           174117                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.538819                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1396860                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1396712                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          755459                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         1489497                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.537704                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.507191                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1123674                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1320031                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       159522                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          173                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        12536                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2427563                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543768                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366189                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1948417     80.26%     80.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       175128      7.21%     87.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        82074      3.38%     90.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        81098      3.34%     94.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        21741      0.90%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        94258      3.88%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7242      0.30%     99.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5085      0.21%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12520      0.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2427563                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      1123674                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1320031                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               503652                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              330773                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars                86                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           174261                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1173646                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        12680                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        12520                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            3894583                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           2985848                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 48139                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                143270                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           1123674                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1320031                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      1123674                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.311654                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.311654                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.432591                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.432591                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        6915048                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1625617                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1764048                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          172                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2597538                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         195413                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       175713                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17041                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       133042                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         129041                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10600                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          519                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2075362                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1113657                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            195413                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       139641                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              247450                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         56634                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles        32579                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          126801                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16490                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2394883                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.518205                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.757395                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2147433     89.67%     89.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          38526      1.61%     91.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          18250      0.76%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          38098      1.59%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          10729      0.45%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          35757      1.49%     95.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6           5148      0.21%     95.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7           8404      0.35%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8          92538      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2394883                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.075230                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.428736                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        2035374                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles        73339                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          246758                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles          297                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        39112                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        17219                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          381                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1236337                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1676                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        39112                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        2040116                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         47422                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        12892                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          242672                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        12666                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1233317                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents            9                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         1024                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        10837                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      1607260                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      5574352                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      5574352                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1268062                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         339198                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          161                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts           88                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           25302                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       231651                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        33216                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads          208                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores         7382                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1224898                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          163                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1135408                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1070                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       244706                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       515582                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2394883                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.474097                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.083561                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1896619     79.19%     79.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       153511      6.41%     85.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       170772      7.13%     92.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        98188      4.10%     96.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        48686      2.03%     98.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        12578      0.53%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13859      0.58%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          359      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          311      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2394883                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1880     56.97%     56.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead          801     24.27%     81.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          619     18.76%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       884668     77.92%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         8193      0.72%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           74      0.01%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       209685     18.47%     97.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        32788      2.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1135408                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.437109                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3300                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002906                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4670069                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1469786                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1104123                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1138708                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          931                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        50896                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1229                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        39112                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         28228                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1497                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1225065                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          158                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       231651                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        33216                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           86                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents          396                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           34                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10620                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7326                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        17946                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1120109                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       206371                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15299                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             239135                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         170709                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            32764                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.431219                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1104462                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1104123                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          670537                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         1426366                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.425065                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.470102                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts       876060                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps       977896                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       247234                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          154                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        16748                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2355771                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.415107                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.287484                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1996272     84.74%     84.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       138261      5.87%     90.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91700      3.89%     94.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        28068      1.19%     95.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        49239      2.09%     97.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         8780      0.37%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5762      0.24%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4909      0.21%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        32780      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2355771                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts       876060                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps       977896                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               212742                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              180755                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars                76                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           150942                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts          851782                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        11348                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        32780                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3548108                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           2489404                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 47965                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                202655                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts            876060                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps              977896                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total       876060                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.965023                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.965023                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.337266                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.337266                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        5218234                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1431266                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1324086                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          154                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2597541                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         214023                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       175204                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22697                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        87124                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits          82255                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21545                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1033                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2054348                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1197146                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            214023                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       103800                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              248664                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         62683                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles        46492                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          127290                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22555                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2389209                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615555                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.962158                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2140545     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          11510      0.48%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          18025      0.75%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          24221      1.01%     91.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          25618      1.07%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          21570      0.90%     93.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          11649      0.49%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          18317      0.77%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         117754      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2389209                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.082394                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.460877                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        2033732                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles        67568                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          248047                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          359                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        39496                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        34949                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          210                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1467245                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1279                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        39496                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        2039679                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         13439                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        41061                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          242469                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        13056                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1465884                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         1666                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         5791                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      2046087                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      6815687                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      6815687                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1743580                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         302507                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          351                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          179                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           40724                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       138092                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        73602                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads          839                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        17979                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1463064                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          352                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1380299                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          302                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       178748                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       432350                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2389209                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577722                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269612                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1805390     75.56%     75.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       239803     10.04%     85.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       121816      5.10%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        91883      3.85%     94.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        71932      3.01%     97.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28959      1.21%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18602      0.78%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9512      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1312      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2389209                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           293     11.91%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead          915     37.20%     49.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1252     50.89%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1161372     84.14%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20497      1.48%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          171      0.01%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       125013      9.06%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        73246      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1380299                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.531387                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2460                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001782                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5152569                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1642180                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1357677                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1382759                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2749                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24710                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           17                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1452                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        39496                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         10679                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1160                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1463424                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           23                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       138092                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        73602                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          180                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents          984                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           17                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12546                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13261                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        25807                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1359795                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       117526                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20504                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             190752                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         192801                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            73226                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.523493                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1357763                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1357677                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          780083                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         2103278                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.522678                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.370889                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1016575                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1251041                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       212387                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          345                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        22755                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2349713                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532423                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.379189                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1835897     78.13%     78.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       254882     10.85%     88.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96432      4.10%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        45364      1.93%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        38754      1.65%     96.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22380      0.95%     97.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19542      0.83%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8661      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27801      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2349713                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      1016575                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1251041                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               185532                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              113382                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               172                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           180386                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         1127198                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        25777                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        27801                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            3785327                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           2966361                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 32956                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                208332                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           1016575                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1251041                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      1016575                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.555189                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.555189                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.391361                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.391361                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        6117652                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1892721                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1359692                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          344                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2597546                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         195458                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       175716                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17083                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       132493                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         128784                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10602                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          512                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2074480                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1114115                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            195458                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       139386                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              247518                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         56927                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles        33539                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          126807                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16558                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2395279                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.518231                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.757770                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2147761     89.67%     89.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          38569      1.61%     91.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          18423      0.77%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          38095      1.59%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          10587      0.44%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          35626      1.49%     95.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6           5098      0.21%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7           8417      0.35%     96.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8          92703      3.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2395279                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.075247                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.428911                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        2031392                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles        77399                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          246847                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          276                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        39362                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        17226                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          381                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1236651                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1670                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        39362                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        2036438                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         49702                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        13845                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          242580                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        13349                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1233841                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents          998                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        11556                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      1608555                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      5577106                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      5577106                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1266292                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         342233                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          164                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts           91                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           26116                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       231494                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores        33222                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads          290                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores         7393                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1225336                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          166                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1135035                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1159                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       246781                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       519218                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2395279                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.473863                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.083956                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1897350     79.21%     79.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       153796      6.42%     85.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       170062      7.10%     92.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        98007      4.09%     96.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        48765      2.04%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        12692      0.53%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13972      0.58%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          338      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          297      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2395279                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1933     57.67%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead          803     23.96%     81.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          616     18.38%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       884624     77.94%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         8183      0.72%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           74      0.01%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       209374     18.45%     97.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        32780      2.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1135035                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.436964                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3352                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002953                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4669860                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1472302                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1103676                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1138387                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          870                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        51179                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1235                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        39362                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         28876                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1629                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1225506                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          169                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       231494                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        33222                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           89                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents          412                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           33                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10623                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7361                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        17984                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1119740                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       206166                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15295                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             238925                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         170496                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores            32759                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.431076                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1104051                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1103676                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          670308                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         1427033                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.424892                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.469721                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts       874560                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps       976396                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       249146                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          154                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        16791                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2355917                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.414444                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.285928                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1996799     84.76%     84.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       138238      5.87%     90.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91406      3.88%     94.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        28032      1.19%     95.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        49290      2.09%     97.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         8874      0.38%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5778      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4948      0.21%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        32552      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2355917                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts       874560                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps       976396                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               212293                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              180306                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars                76                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           150688                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts          850536                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        11348                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        32552                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            3548894                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           2490503                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 47806                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                202267                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts            874560                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps              976396                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total       874560                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.970118                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.970118                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.336687                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.336687                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        5216473                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1430906                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1324256                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          154                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2597546                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         209851                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       171889                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22255                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        85583                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79832                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21249                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1000                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2009192                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1198210                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            209851                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       101081                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              262030                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         64015                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles        67711                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          125235                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21986                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2380324                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616160                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.971017                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2118294     88.99%     88.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          27729      1.16%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          32744      1.38%     91.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          17681      0.74%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          19851      0.83%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          11790      0.50%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6           7644      0.32%     93.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          20545      0.86%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         124046      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2380324                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.080788                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.461285                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        1991763                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles        85787                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          259441                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         2338                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        40991                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        34022                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          401                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1461562                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         2195                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        40991                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        1995584                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         17001                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles        59002                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          257991                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles         9751                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1459471                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           10                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         2108                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         4744                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      2030354                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      6793909                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      6793909                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1704768                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         325586                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          386                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          219                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           27934                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       139939                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        75283                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1861                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        15811                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1455570                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          388                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1367197                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1722                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       197912                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       462571                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           51                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2380324                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574374                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.265825                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1804811     75.82%     75.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       231319      9.72%     85.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       124548      5.23%     90.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        85860      3.61%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75118      3.16%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        38385      1.61%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9656      0.41%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6147      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4480      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2380324                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           347     11.65%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1285     43.14%     54.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1347     45.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1144897     83.74%     83.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21279      1.56%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          166      0.01%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       126345      9.24%     94.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74510      5.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1367197                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.526342                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2979                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002179                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5119419                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1653911                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1342545                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1370176                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3437                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26935                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           42                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2150                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           83                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        40991                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         11974                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1267                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1455966                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           13                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       139939                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75283                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          220                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents          900                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           42                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12170                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12955                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        25125                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1345257                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       118414                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21940                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             192880                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         187566                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            74466                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.517895                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1342635                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1342545                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          799385                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         2093325                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.516851                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.381873                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000967                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1228100                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       227879                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          337                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        22195                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2339333                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524979                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343423                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1837599     78.55%     78.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       232923      9.96%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97315      4.16%     92.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        58539      2.50%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40314      1.72%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26334      1.13%     98.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13778      0.59%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10912      0.47%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        21619      0.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2339333                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      1000967                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1228100                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               186137                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              113004                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               168                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           175736                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         1107195                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        24980                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        21619                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3773680                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           2952956                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 32646                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                217222                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           1000967                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1228100                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      1000967                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.595037                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.595037                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.385351                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.385351                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        6067685                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1865542                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1363117                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          336                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2597546                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         210314                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       172117                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22298                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        85917                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79805                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21349                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1038                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2010163                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1201033                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            210314                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       101154                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              262508                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         64233                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles        66641                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          125388                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22005                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2380877                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.617797                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.973810                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2118369     88.97%     88.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          27831      1.17%     90.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          32428      1.36%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          17787      0.75%     92.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          19831      0.83%     93.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          11744      0.49%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6           7748      0.33%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          20794      0.87%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         124345      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2380877                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.080966                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.462372                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        1992994                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles        84470                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          260044                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         2199                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        41166                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        34263                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          400                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1465729                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         2177                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        41166                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        1996739                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         16833                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles        58065                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          258528                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles         9542                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1463433                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         2087                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         4668                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      2035027                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      6812423                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      6812423                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1705587                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         329428                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          388                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          221                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           27619                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       140679                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        75592                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1901                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        16044                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1459355                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          390                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1369631                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1970                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       201036                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       471023                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           53                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2380877                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.575263                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.266434                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1804654     75.80%     75.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       231084      9.71%     85.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       124876      5.24%     90.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86196      3.62%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75338      3.16%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        38623      1.62%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9490      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6128      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4488      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2380877                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           342     11.21%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1365     44.74%     55.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1344     44.05%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1146664     83.72%     83.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21330      1.56%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          166      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       126648      9.25%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74823      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1369631                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.527279                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3051                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002228                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5125160                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1660825                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1344717                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1372682                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3475                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27623                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           45                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2431                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           83                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        41166                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         11907                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1220                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1459752                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           19                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       140679                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75592                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          222                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents          849                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           45                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12054                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13113                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        25167                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1347697                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       118661                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21934                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             193440                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         187975                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            74779                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.518835                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1344802                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1344717                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          800025                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         2096228                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.517687                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.381650                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1001431                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1228665                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       231092                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          337                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        22239                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2339711                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525135                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343843                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1837789     78.55%     78.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       232909      9.95%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97600      4.17%     92.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        58455      2.50%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40290      1.72%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26313      1.12%     98.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13775      0.59%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10824      0.46%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        21756      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2339711                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      1001431                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1228665                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               186214                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              113053                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               168                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           175815                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1107705                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        24992                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        21756                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            3777699                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           2960692                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 32803                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                216669                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           1001431                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1228665                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      1001431                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.593834                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.593834                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.385530                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.385530                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        6077124                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1868289                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1366209                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          336                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2597546                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         214182                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       175333                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22663                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        86663                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits          81808                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21612                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1025                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2053684                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1198240                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            214182                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       103420                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              248584                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         62881                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles        47238                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          127210                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22506                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2389440                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615964                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.963302                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2140856     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          11490      0.48%     90.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          17904      0.75%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          23993      1.00%     91.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          25627      1.07%     92.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          21667      0.91%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          11642      0.49%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          18251      0.76%     95.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         118010      4.94%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2389440                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.082456                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.461297                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        2032949                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles        68431                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          247964                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles          363                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        39726                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        34986                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          210                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1468339                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1279                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        39726                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        2038938                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         13568                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles        41785                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          242363                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        13051                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1467060                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         1607                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         5811                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      2047409                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      6820924                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      6820924                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1742395                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         305014                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          352                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          181                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           41041                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       138114                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        73599                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads          842                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        17967                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1464232                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          353                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1380677                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          295                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       180259                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       436240                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2389440                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577825                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.270653                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1806074     75.59%     75.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       239425     10.02%     85.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       121496      5.08%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        91852      3.84%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        72135      3.02%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28916      1.21%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18567      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9618      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1357      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2389440                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           286     11.65%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead          909     37.04%     48.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1259     51.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1161754     84.14%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20499      1.48%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          171      0.01%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       125038      9.06%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        73215      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1380677                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.531531                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2454                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001777                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5153543                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1644861                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1357773                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1383131                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2696                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24805                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           18                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1489                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        39726                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         10788                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1163                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1464593                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           20                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       138114                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        73599                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          181                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents          988                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           18                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12379                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13461                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        25840                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1359924                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       117511                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20753                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             190707                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         192740                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            73196                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.523542                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1357851                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1357773                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          780352                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         2103787                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.522714                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.370927                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1015891                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1250192                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       214407                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          345                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        22724                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2349714                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532061                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.378714                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1836269     78.15%     78.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       254735     10.84%     88.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96188      4.09%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        45523      1.94%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        38560      1.64%     96.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22477      0.96%     97.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19561      0.83%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8687      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27714      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2349714                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      1015891                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1250192                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               185419                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              113309                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               172                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           180251                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         1126444                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        25760                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        27714                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3786586                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2968931                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 32923                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                208106                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           1015891                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1250192                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      1015891                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.556914                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.556914                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.391096                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.391096                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        6118469                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1892787                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1360727                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          344                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2597546                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         201810                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       164524                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21400                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        82361                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          77275                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20137                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          929                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1957422                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1192583                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            201810                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches        97412                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              244914                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         66767                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles        65307                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          122295                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21449                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2312237                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.627128                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.993282                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2067323     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          12946      0.56%     89.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          20679      0.89%     90.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          30914      1.34%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          13011      0.56%     92.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          15035      0.65%     93.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          15857      0.69%     94.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          11114      0.48%     94.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         125358      5.42%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2312237                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.077693                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.459119                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        1932839                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles        90600                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          243081                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         1446                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        44270                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        32772                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          326                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1446098                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1066                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        44270                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        1937792                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         43513                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles        31696                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          239677                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        15280                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1442951                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          721                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         2798                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         7807                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1103                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      1973732                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      6727021                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      6727021                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1628420                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         345307                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          316                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          166                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           44505                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       145926                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        80830                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4052                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        15635                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1437879                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          316                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1342982                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2045                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       220700                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       504356                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2312237                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580815                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.265186                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1740006     75.25%     75.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       232120     10.04%     85.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       128100      5.54%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        84546      3.66%     94.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        76838      3.32%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        23669      1.02%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17192      0.74%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5953      0.26%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3813      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2312237                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           390     11.47%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1446     42.52%     53.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1565     46.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1105858     82.34%     82.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        24746      1.84%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          149      0.01%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       132897      9.90%     94.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        79332      5.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1342982                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.517020                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3401                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002532                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5003647                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1658957                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1318161                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1346383                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6443                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30516                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           64                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5251                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1073                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        44270                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         31709                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1682                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1438195                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          592                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       145926                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        80830                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          166                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents          879                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           43                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           64                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11735                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13133                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        24868                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1323192                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       125971                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19790                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             205155                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         179501                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            79184                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.509401                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1318298                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1318161                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          780189                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         1980141                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.507464                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.394007                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts       976101                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1190186                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       249176                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          300                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        21803                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2267967                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524781                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.375604                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1785894     78.74%     78.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       229494     10.12%     88.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        95248      4.20%     93.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        48730      2.15%     95.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        36542      1.61%     96.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        20764      0.92%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12824      0.57%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10694      0.47%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27777      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2267967                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts       976101                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1190186                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               190989                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              115410                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               150                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           165160                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         1076152                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        23209                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        27777                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            3679552                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           2923006                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 35020                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                285309                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts            976101                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1190186                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total       976101                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.661145                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.661145                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.375778                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.375778                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        6006388                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1800913                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1370195                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          300                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                           4402                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32746.452793                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                           553970                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          37150                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          14.911709                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          1355.785891                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    22.288171                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   117.372262                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    12.632249                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   282.140597                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    10.766486                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data    64.241073                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    22.126907                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   120.972662                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    14.595586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data    77.982292                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    21.876215                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   120.954377                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    24.188173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   114.520774                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    10.766860                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data    61.163848                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    23.953597                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   203.625753                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    22.912857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   125.943483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    14.689357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data    74.764063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    23.688273                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   122.880344                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    24.208467                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   120.399719                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    23.241347                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   114.449170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    14.681512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data    74.629936                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    12.659383                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   275.748149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          1660.716113                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst                    1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          2841.621503                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          1107.343916                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          2005.144893                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          1339.323272                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          2034.996490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          1706.665992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          1094.555735                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          2217.447776                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          1992.295214                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          1372.185939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          2022.553903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          1662.135443                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          1723.884605                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          1378.808864                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst                    1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          2857.923305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.041375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.003582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.008610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.001960                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.003692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.002380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.003691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.003495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.001867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.006214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.003843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.002282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.003750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.003674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.003493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.002278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.008415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.050681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.inst            0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.086719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.033793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.061192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.040873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.062103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.052083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.033403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.067671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.060800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.041876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.061723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.050724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.052609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.042078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.inst            0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.087217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          365                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          494                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          229                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          349                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          237                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          345                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          379                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          241                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          480                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          337                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          242                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          343                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          371                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          377                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          242                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          496                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    5539                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             2592                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  2592                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    36                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          368                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          494                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          229                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          352                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          240                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          348                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          241                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          483                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          340                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          245                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          346                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          374                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          245                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          496                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     5575                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          368                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          494                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          229                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          352                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          240                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          348                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          382                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          241                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          483                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          340                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          245                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          346                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          374                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          380                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          245                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          496                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    5575                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          562                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          137                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          221                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          159                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          220                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          197                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          129                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          362                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          159                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          221                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          207                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          199                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          155                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          559                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  4277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           53                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           56                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 112                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          207                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          615                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          137                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          221                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          159                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          220                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          362                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          227                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          159                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          221                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          207                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          200                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          155                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          615                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   4389                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           23                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          207                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          615                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          137                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          221                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          159                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          220                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          198                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          129                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          362                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          227                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          159                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          221                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          207                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          200                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          155                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          615                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  4389                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3605272                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     31006137                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2114401                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     84899680                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1615958                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     20934274                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3782652                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     33574395                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4002399                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     23746277                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3799923                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     33022639                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4037469                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     30043137                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1524708                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     19054638                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4609501                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     54802377                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3861075                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     33866969                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4141728                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     24016162                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4039275                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     33021550                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3712315                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     31334333                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3798230                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     29739289                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4336216                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     23618016                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2045560                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     84213777                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       645920332                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       170239                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      7891483                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       149389                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       138488                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      8438509                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      16788108                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3605272                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     31176376                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2114401                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     92791163                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1615958                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     20934274                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3782652                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     33574395                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4002399                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     23746277                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3799923                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     33022639                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4037469                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     30192526                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1524708                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     19054638                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4609501                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     54802377                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3861075                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     33866969                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4141728                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     24016162                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4039275                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     33021550                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3712315                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     31334333                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3798230                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     29877777                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4336216                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     23618016                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2045560                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     92652286                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        662708440                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3605272                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     31176376                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2114401                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     92791163                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1615958                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     20934274                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3782652                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     33574395                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4002399                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     23746277                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3799923                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     33022639                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4037469                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     30192526                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1524708                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     19054638                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4609501                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     54802377                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3861075                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     33866969                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4141728                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     24016162                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4039275                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     33021550                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3712315                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     31334333                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3798230                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     29877777                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4336216                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     23618016                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2045560                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     92652286                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       662708440                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          571                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          570                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          396                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          565                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          576                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          564                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          401                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          564                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          578                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          576                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1055                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total                9816                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2592                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              2592                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           53                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           56                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               148                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          575                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1109                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          573                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          399                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          580                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          567                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          567                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          581                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          580                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 9964                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          575                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          573                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          399                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          568                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          580                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          567                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          567                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          581                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          580                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                9964                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.360771                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.532197                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.374317                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.387719                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.401515                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.389381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.342014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.348649                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.429929                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.402482                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.396509                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.391844                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.358131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.345486                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.390428                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.529858                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.435717                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.756757                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.360000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.554554                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.374317                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.385689                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.398496                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.387324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.341379                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.348649                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.428402                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.400353                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.393564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.389771                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.356282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.344828                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.387500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.553555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.440486                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.360000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.554554                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.374317                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.385689                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.398496                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.387324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.341379                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.348649                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.428402                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.400353                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.393564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.389771                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.356282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.344828                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.387500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.553555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.440486                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 156750.956522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 150515.228155                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 162646.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151067.046263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 146905.272727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 152804.919708                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 151306.080000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151920.339367                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 153938.423077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 149347.654088                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 151996.920000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150102.904545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 161498.760000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 152503.233503                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 138609.818182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 147710.372093                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 153650.033333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151387.781768                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 148502.884615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 149193.696035                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 153397.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151045.044025                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 155356.730769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 149418.778281                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 148492.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151373.589372                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 158259.583333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 149443.663317                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 160600.592593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 152374.296774                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 157350.769231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150650.763864                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151021.821838                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       170239                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 148895.905660                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       149389                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       138488                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150687.660714                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 149893.821429                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 156750.956522                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 150610.512077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 162646.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150879.939837                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 146905.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 152804.919708                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 151306.080000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151920.339367                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 153938.423077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 149347.654088                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 151996.920000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150102.904545                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 161498.760000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 152487.505051                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 138609.818182                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 147710.372093                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 153650.033333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151387.781768                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 148502.884615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 149193.696035                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 153397.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151045.044025                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 155356.730769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 149418.778281                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 148492.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151373.589372                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 158259.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 149388.885000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 160600.592593                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 152374.296774                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 157350.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150654.123577                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 150993.037138                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 156750.956522                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 150610.512077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 162646.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150879.939837                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 146905.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 152804.919708                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 151306.080000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151920.339367                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 153938.423077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 149347.654088                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 151996.920000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150102.904545                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 161498.760000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 152487.505051                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 138609.818182                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 147710.372093                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 153650.033333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151387.781768                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 148502.884615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 149193.696035                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 153397.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151045.044025                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 155356.730769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 149418.778281                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 148492.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151373.589372                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 158259.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 149388.885000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 160600.592593                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 152374.296774                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 157350.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150654.123577                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 150993.037138                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1739                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1739                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             4277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           53                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           56                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              4389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          207                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          615                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          137                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          221                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          159                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          220                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          198                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          129                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          362                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          227                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          159                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          221                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          207                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          200                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          155                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          615                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             4389                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2269816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     19021908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1357004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     52186447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       977077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     12953927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2327906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     20707375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2491884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     14490225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2345901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     20213285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2584596                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     18582694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst       884234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     11542756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2859132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     33729325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2348835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     20643406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2572491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     14761025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2528740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     20153059                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2257910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     19286722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2402385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     18158790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2767251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     14596063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1289789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     51678722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    396970680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       111797                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      4805316                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        90947                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data        79689                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      5177713                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10265462                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2269816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     19133705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1357004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     56991763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       977077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     12953927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2327906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     20707375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2491884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     14490225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2345901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     20213285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2584596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     18673641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst       884234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     11542756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2859132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     33729325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2348835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     20643406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2572491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     14761025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2528740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     20153059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2257910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     19286722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2402385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     18238479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2767251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     14596063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1289789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     56856435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    407236142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2269816                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     19133705                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1357004                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     56991763                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       977077                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     12953927                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2327906                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     20707375                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2491884                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     14490225                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2345901                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     20213285                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2584596                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     18673641                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst       884234                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     11542756                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2859132                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     33729325                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2348835                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     20643406                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2572491                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     14761025                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2528740                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     20153059                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2257910                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     19286722                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2402385                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     18238479                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2767251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     14596063                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1289789                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     56856435                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    407236142                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.360771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.532197                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.374317                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.387719                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.401515                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.389381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.342014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.348649                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.429929                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.402482                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.396509                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.391844                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.358131                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.345486                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.390428                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.529858                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.435717                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.756757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.360000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.554554                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.374317                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.385689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.398496                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.387324                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.341379                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.348649                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.428402                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.400353                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.393564                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.389771                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.356282                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.344828                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.387500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.553555                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.440486                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.360000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.554554                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.374317                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.385689                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.398496                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.387324                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.341379                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.348649                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.428402                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.400353                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.393564                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.389771                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.356282                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.344828                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.387500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.553555                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.440486                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 98687.652174                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92339.359223                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 104384.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92858.446619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 88825.181818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 94554.211679                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 93116.240000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93698.529412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 95841.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 91133.490566                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 93836.040000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 91878.568182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 103383.840000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 94328.395939                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 80384.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 89478.728682                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 95304.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93174.930939                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 90339.807692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 90940.114537                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 95277.444444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92836.635220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 97259.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 91190.312217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 90316.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93172.570048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 100099.375000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 91250.201005                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 102490.777778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 94168.148387                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 99214.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92448.518784                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92815.216273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       111797                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 90666.339623                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        90947                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data        79689                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92459.160714                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91655.910714                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 98687.652174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92433.357488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 104384.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92669.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 88825.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 94554.211679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 93116.240000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93698.529412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 95841.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 91133.490566                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 93836.040000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 91878.568182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 103383.840000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 94311.318182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 80384.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 89478.728682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 95304.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93174.930939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 90339.807692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 90940.114537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 95277.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92836.635220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 97259.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 91190.312217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 90316.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93172.570048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 100099.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 91192.395000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 102490.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 94168.148387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 99214.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92449.487805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92785.632718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 98687.652174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92433.357488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 104384.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92669.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 88825.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 94554.211679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 93116.240000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93698.529412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 95841.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 91133.490566                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 93836.040000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 91878.568182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 103383.840000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 94311.318182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 80384.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 89478.728682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 95304.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93174.930939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 90339.807692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 90940.114537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 95277.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92836.635220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 97259.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 91190.312217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 90316.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93172.570048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 100099.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 91192.395000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 102490.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 94168.148387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 99214.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92449.487805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92785.632718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              505.249270                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750133243                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  506                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1482476.764822                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    23.249270                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.037258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.809694                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       125281                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125281                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       125281                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         125281                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       125281                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        125281                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6065952                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6065952                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6065952                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6065952                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6065952                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6065952                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       125315                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125315                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       125315                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       125315                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       125315                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       125315                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000271                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000271                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000271                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000271                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000271                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000271                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 178410.352941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 178410.352941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 178410.352941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 178410.352941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 178410.352941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 178410.352941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4535085                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4535085                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4535085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4535085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4535085                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4535085                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 188961.875000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 188961.875000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 188961.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 188961.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 188961.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 188961.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  575                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              118202987                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  831                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             142241.861613                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   183.157806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    72.842194                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.715460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.284540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        86247                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         86247                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        72630                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72630                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          192                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          192                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          169                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          169                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       158877                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         158877                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       158877                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        158877                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1948                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1948                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           66                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           66                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2014                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         2014                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2014                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         2014                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    242646695                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    242646695                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      8215296                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8215296                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    250861991                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    250861991                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    250861991                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    250861991                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        88195                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        88195                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72696                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72696                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          192                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          192                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          169                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          169                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       160891                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       160891                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       160891                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       160891                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.022087                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022087                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000908                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000908                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 124561.958419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124561.958419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 124474.181818                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124474.181818                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 124559.081927                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124559.081927                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 124559.081927                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124559.081927                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          199                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             199                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1439                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1439                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          575                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          575                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     58980897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58980897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       459865                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       459865                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     59440762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59440762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     59440762                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59440762                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006474                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006474                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000055                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000055                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 103294.040280                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103294.040280                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 114966.250000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114966.250000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 103375.238261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103375.238261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 103375.238261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103375.238261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              502.631482                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              753314043                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1497642.232604                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    12.631482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.020243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.805499                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       122199                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        122199                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       122199                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         122199                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       122199                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        122199                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2564562                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2564562                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2564562                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2564562                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2564562                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2564562                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       122213                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       122213                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       122213                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       122213                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       122213                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       122213                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst       183183                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       183183                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst       183183                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       183183                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst       183183                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       183183                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2314872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2314872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2314872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2314872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2314872                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2314872                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 178067.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178067.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 178067.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178067.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 178067.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178067.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 1109                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              125533734                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 1365                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             91966.105495                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   194.141531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    61.858469                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.758365                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.241635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        92469                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         92469                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        74918                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        74918                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          155                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          155                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          150                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          150                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       167387                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         167387                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       167387                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        167387                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2544                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2544                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          382                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          382                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2926                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         2926                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2926                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         2926                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    337760363                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    337760363                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     68826207                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     68826207                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    406586570                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    406586570                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    406586570                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    406586570                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        95013                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        95013                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        75300                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        75300                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          155                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          155                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          150                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          150                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       170313                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       170313                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       170313                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       170313                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.026775                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026775                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005073                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005073                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.017180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.017180                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017180                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 132767.438286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 132767.438286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 180173.316754                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 180173.316754                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 138956.449077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 138956.449077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 138956.449077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 138956.449077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          510                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             510                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          329                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          329                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1817                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1817                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           53                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1109                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1109                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    125656636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    125656636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      8419671                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8419671                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    134076307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    134076307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    134076307                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    134076307                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011114                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011114                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000704                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000704                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006512                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006512                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006512                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006512                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 118993.026515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118993.026515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 158861.716981                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158861.716981                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 120898.383228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120898.383228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 120898.383228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120898.383228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              465.765860                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              753004184                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  466                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1615888.806867                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    10.765860                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.017253                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.746420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       127932                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        127932                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       127932                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         127932                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       127932                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        127932                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2145665                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2145665                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2145665                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2145665                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2145665                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2145665                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       127946                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       127946                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       127946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       127946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       127946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       127946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 153261.785714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 153261.785714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 153261.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 153261.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 153261.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 153261.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1746058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1746058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1746058                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1746058                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1746058                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1746058                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 158732.545455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158732.545455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 158732.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158732.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 158732.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158732.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  366                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              109335914                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  622                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             175781.212219                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   129.788669                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   126.211331                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.506987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.493013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       100068                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        100068                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        73604                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        73604                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          178                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          178                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       173672                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         173672                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       173672                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        173672                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total          944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          944                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total          944                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    106497968                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    106497968                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    106497968                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    106497968                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    106497968                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    106497968                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       101012                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       101012                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        73604                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73604                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          178                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          178                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       174616                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       174616                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       174616                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       174616                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009345                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009345                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005406                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005406                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005406                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005406                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 112815.644068                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112815.644068                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 112815.644068                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 112815.644068                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 112815.644068                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 112815.644068                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           74                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total              74                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          578                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          578                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     37922461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37922461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     37922461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     37922461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     37922461                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     37922461                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003623                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003623                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002096                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002096                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002096                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002096                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 103613.281421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103613.281421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 103613.281421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103613.281421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 103613.281421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103613.281421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              548.125783                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              646510416                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  552                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1171214.521739                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    23.010671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   525.115113                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.036876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.841531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.878407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       126855                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        126855                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       126855                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         126855                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       126855                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        126855                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           30                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4949095                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4949095                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4949095                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      4949095                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4949095                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      4949095                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       126885                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       126885                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       126885                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       126885                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       126885                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       126885                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000236                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000236                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000236                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000236                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000236                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000236                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 164969.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164969.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 164969.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164969.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 164969.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164969.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4385056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4385056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4385056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4385056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4385056                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4385056                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst       168656                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       168656                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst       168656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       168656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst       168656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       168656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  573                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              151271444                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  829                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             182474.600724                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   151.723654                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   104.276346                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.592671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.407329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       189861                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        189861                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       221672                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         221672                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       221672                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        221672                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1975                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1975                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1990                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         1990                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1990                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         1990                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    220014078                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    220014078                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1439707                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1439707                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    221453785                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    221453785                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    221453785                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    221453785                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       191836                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       191836                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        31826                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31826                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       223662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       223662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       223662                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       223662                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.010295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000471                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000471                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008897                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008897                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008897                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008897                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 111399.533165                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111399.533165                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 95980.466667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95980.466667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 111283.309045                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 111283.309045                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 111283.309045                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 111283.309045                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           58                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total              58                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1417                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1417                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          573                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          573                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     60028017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60028017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       240797                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       240797                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     60268814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     60268814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     60268814                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     60268814                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002971                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002971                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002562                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002562                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002562                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002562                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105312.310526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105312.310526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 80265.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80265.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105181.176265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105181.176265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105181.176265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105181.176265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              489.672412                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              749561170                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1493149.741036                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    14.672412                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.023513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.784731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       127227                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        127227                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       127227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         127227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       127227                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        127227                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5424382                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5424382                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5424382                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5424382                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5424382                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5424382                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       127260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       127260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       127260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       127260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       127260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       127260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000259                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000259                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000259                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000259                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000259                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000259                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 164375.212121                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164375.212121                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 164375.212121                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164375.212121                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 164375.212121                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164375.212121                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4605704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4605704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4605704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4605704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4605704                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4605704                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 170581.629630                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170581.629630                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 170581.629630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170581.629630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 170581.629630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170581.629630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  399                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              113237911                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  655                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             172882.306870                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   139.276223                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   116.723777                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.544048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.455952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        86346                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         86346                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        71697                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        71697                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       158043                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         158043                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       158043                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        158043                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1255                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1255                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         1271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1271                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         1271                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    157604666                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    157604666                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1311186                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1311186                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    158915852                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    158915852                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    158915852                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    158915852                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        87601                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        87601                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        71713                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        71713                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       159314                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       159314                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       159314                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       159314                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.014326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000223                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.007978                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007978                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.007978                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007978                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 125581.407171                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125581.407171                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 81949.125000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81949.125000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 125032.141621                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125032.141621                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 125032.141621                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125032.141621                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           87                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total              87                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          872                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          872                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          399                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          399                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     41766896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41766896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       216252                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       216252                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     41983148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41983148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     41983148                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41983148                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004520                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004520                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002504                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002504                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002504                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002504                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105471.959596                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105471.959596                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        72084                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        72084                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105220.922306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105220.922306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105220.922306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105220.922306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              547.874986                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              646510430                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  552                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1171214.547101                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    22.759758                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   525.115227                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.036474                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.841531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.878005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       126869                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        126869                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       126869                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         126869                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       126869                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        126869                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5300547                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5300547                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5300547                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5300547                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5300547                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5300547                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       126900                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       126900                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       126900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       126900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       126900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       126900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000244                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000244                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000244                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000244                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000244                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000244                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 170985.387097                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170985.387097                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 170985.387097                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170985.387097                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 170985.387097                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170985.387097                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4560852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4560852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4560852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4560852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4560852                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4560852                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 175417.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175417.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 175417.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175417.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 175417.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175417.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  568                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              151271587                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  824                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             183582.023058                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   151.746414                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   104.253586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.592759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.407241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       190005                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        190005                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       221816                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         221816                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       221816                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        221816                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1973                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1973                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1988                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         1988                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1988                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         1988                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    218967130                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    218967130                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1480640                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1480640                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    220447770                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    220447770                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    220447770                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    220447770                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       191978                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       191978                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        31826                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31826                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       223804                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       223804                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       223804                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       223804                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.010277                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010277                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000471                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000471                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008883                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008883                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008883                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008883                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 110981.819564                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110981.819564                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 98709.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98709.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 110889.220322                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110889.220322                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 110889.220322                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 110889.220322                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           56                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total              56                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1408                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1408                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1420                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1420                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          568                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          568                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     59453674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59453674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       250320                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       250320                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     59703994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59703994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     59703994                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59703994                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002943                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002943                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105227.741593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105227.741593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data        83440                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        83440                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105112.665493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105112.665493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105112.665493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105112.665493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              507.148180                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              750133401                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  508                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1476640.553150                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    25.148180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.040302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.812737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       125439                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125439                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       125439                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         125439                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       125439                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        125439                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6821940                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6821940                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6821940                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6821940                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6821940                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6821940                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       125473                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125473                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       125473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       125473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       125473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       125473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000271                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000271                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000271                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000271                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000271                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000271                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 200645.294118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 200645.294118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 200645.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 200645.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 200645.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 200645.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5354055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5354055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5354055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5354055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5354055                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5354055                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 205925.192308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 205925.192308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 205925.192308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 205925.192308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 205925.192308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 205925.192308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  580                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              118203370                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                  836                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             141391.590909                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   183.716847                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    72.283153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.717644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.282356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        86736                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         86736                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        72533                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72533                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       159269                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         159269                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       159269                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        159269                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1956                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1956                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           65                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           65                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2021                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         2021                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2021                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         2021                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    240890360                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    240890360                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      8209761                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8209761                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    249100121                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    249100121                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    249100121                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    249100121                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        88692                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        88692                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        72598                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72598                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       161290                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       161290                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       161290                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       161290                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.022054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000895                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000895                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012530                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012530                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012530                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012530                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 123154.580777                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123154.580777                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 126304.015385                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126304.015385                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 123255.873825                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123255.873825                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 123255.873825                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123255.873825                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          201                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             201                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           61                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           61                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1441                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1441                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          580                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          580                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     59299517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59299517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       390992                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       390992                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     59690509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59690509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     59690509                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59690509                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006494                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006494                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000055                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000055                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003596                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003596                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 102950.550347                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102950.550347                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        97748                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        97748                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 102914.670690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102914.670690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 102914.670690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102914.670690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              465.766249                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              753004265                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  466                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1615888.980687                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    10.766249                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.017254                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.746420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       128013                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        128013                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       128013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         128013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       128013                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        128013                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1995661                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1995661                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1995661                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      1995661                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1995661                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      1995661                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       128027                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       128027                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       128027                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       128027                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       128027                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       128027                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 142547.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 142547.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 142547.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 142547.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 142547.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 142547.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1637408                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1637408                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1637408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1637408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1637408                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1637408                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 148855.272727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 148855.272727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 148855.272727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 148855.272727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 148855.272727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 148855.272727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  370                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              109336213                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  626                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             174658.487220                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   129.961785                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   126.038215                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.507663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.492337                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       100105                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        100105                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        73863                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        73863                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       173968                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         173968                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       173968                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        173968                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          938                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          938                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          938                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total          938                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          938                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total          938                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    102350548                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    102350548                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    102350548                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    102350548                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    102350548                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    102350548                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       101043                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       101043                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        73863                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73863                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       174906                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       174906                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       174906                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       174906                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009283                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009283                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005363                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005363                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005363                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005363                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 109115.722814                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109115.722814                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 109115.722814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109115.722814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 109115.722814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109115.722814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           78                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total              78                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          568                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          568                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     36520025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36520025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     36520025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     36520025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     36520025                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     36520025                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003662                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003662                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 98702.770270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98702.770270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 98702.770270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98702.770270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 98702.770270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98702.770270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              566.950415                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              768706934                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  574                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1339210.686411                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    24.591153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   542.359262                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.039409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.869165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.908574                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       123602                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        123602                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       123602                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         123602                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       123602                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        123602                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6500631                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6500631                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6500631                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6500631                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6500631                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6500631                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       123646                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       123646                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       123646                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       123646                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       123646                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       123646                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000356                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000356                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000356                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000356                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000356                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000356                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 147741.613636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 147741.613636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 147741.613636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 147741.613636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 147741.613636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 147741.613636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4990398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4990398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4990398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4990398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4990398                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4990398                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000251                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000251                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000251                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000251                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000251                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000251                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 160980.580645                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160980.580645                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 160980.580645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160980.580645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 160980.580645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160980.580645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  845                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              289308293                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 1101                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             262768.658492                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   111.390336                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   144.609664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.435119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.564881                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       317279                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        317279                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       172691                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       172691                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       489970                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         489970                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       489970                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        489970                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2919                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2919                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2929                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         2929                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2929                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         2929                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    352623934                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    352623934                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       834999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       834999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    353458933                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    353458933                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    353458933                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    353458933                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       320198                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       320198                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       172701                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       172701                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       492899                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       492899                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       492899                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       492899                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009116                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009116                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000058                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005942                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005942                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005942                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005942                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 120802.992121                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120802.992121                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 83499.900000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83499.900000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 120675.634346                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120675.634346                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 120675.634346                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120675.634346                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          141                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             141                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2084                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2084                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          845                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          845                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     92173280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92173280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       215244                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       215244                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     92388524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     92388524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     92388524                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     92388524                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002630                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002630                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001714                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001714                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001714                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001714                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 109469.453682                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109469.453682                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data        71748                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        71748                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 109335.531361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109335.531361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 109335.531361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109335.531361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              548.911622                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              646510330                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1169096.437613                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    23.795789                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   525.115832                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.038134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.841532                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.879666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       126769                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        126769                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       126769                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         126769                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       126769                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        126769                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5229965                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5229965                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5229965                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5229965                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5229965                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5229965                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       126801                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       126801                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       126801                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       126801                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       126801                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       126801                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000252                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000252                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000252                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000252                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000252                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000252                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 163436.406250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163436.406250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 163436.406250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163436.406250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 163436.406250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163436.406250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4489418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4489418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4489418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4489418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4489418                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4489418                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 166274.740741                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166274.740741                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 166274.740741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166274.740741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 166274.740741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166274.740741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  567                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              151271538                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                  823                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             183805.027947                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   151.627147                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   104.372853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.592294                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.407706                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       189957                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        189957                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           80                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           80                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       221768                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         221768                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       221768                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        221768                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1953                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1953                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1968                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         1968                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1968                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         1968                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    217493992                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    217493992                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1492849                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1492849                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    218986841                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    218986841                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    218986841                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    218986841                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       191910                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       191910                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        31826                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31826                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           80                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           80                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       223736                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       223736                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       223736                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       223736                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.010177                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010177                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000471                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000471                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008796                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008796                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008796                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008796                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 111364.051203                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111364.051203                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 99523.266667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99523.266667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 111273.801321                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 111273.801321                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 111273.801321                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 111273.801321                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           50                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total              50                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1401                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1401                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          567                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          567                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     59809989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59809989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       228044                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       228044                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     60038033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     60038033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     60038033                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     60038033                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002939                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002939                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106046.079787                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106046.079787                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 76014.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76014.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105887.183422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105887.183422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105887.183422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105887.183422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              489.767500                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              749561201                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1490181.314115                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    14.767500                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.023666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.784884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       127258                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        127258                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       127258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         127258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       127258                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        127258                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5562553                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5562553                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5562553                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5562553                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5562553                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5562553                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       127290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       127290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       127290                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       127290                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       127290                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       127290                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000251                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000251                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 173829.781250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 173829.781250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 173829.781250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 173829.781250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 173829.781250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 173829.781250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4899367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4899367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4899367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4899367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4899367                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4899367                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 174977.392857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174977.392857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 174977.392857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174977.392857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 174977.392857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174977.392857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  404                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              113237967                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  660                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             171572.677273                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   139.373844                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   116.626156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.544429                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.455571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        86299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         86299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        71800                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        71800                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       158099                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         158099                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       158099                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        158099                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1276                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1276                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1291                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         1291                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1291                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         1291                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    158069466                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    158069466                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1412713                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1412713                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    159482179                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    159482179                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    159482179                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    159482179                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        87575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        87575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        71815                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        71815                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       159390                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       159390                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       159390                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       159390                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.014570                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014570                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000209                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008100                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008100                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008100                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008100                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 123878.891850                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123878.891850                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 94180.866667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94180.866667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 123533.833462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123533.833462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 123533.833462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123533.833462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           88                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total              88                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          887                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          887                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     42306927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42306927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       235298                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       235298                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     42542225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     42542225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     42542225                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     42542225                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105503.558603                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105503.558603                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 78432.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78432.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105302.537129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105302.537129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105302.537129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105302.537129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              549.687228                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              646510338                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1169096.452080                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    24.571553                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   525.115675                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.039377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.841532                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.880909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       126777                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        126777                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       126777                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         126777                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       126777                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        126777                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           30                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5122248                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5122248                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5122248                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5122248                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5122248                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5122248                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       126807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       126807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       126807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       126807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       126807                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       126807                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000237                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000237                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000237                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000237                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000237                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000237                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 170741.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170741.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 170741.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170741.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 170741.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170741.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4567862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4567862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4567862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4567862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4567862                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4567862                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 169180.074074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169180.074074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 169180.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169180.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 169180.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169180.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  567                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              151271344                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                  823                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             183804.792224                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   151.590184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   104.409816                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.592149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.407851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       189761                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        189761                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       221572                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         221572                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       221572                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        221572                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1967                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1967                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1982                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         1982                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1982                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         1982                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    217967301                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    217967301                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1367481                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1367481                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    219334782                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    219334782                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    219334782                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    219334782                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       191728                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       191728                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        31826                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31826                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       223554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       223554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       223554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       223554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.010259                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010259                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000471                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000471                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008866                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008866                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008866                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008866                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 110812.049314                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110812.049314                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 91165.400000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91165.400000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 110663.361251                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110663.361251                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 110663.361251                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 110663.361251                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           51                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total              51                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1415                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1415                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          567                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          567                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     59501468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59501468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       235843                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       235843                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     59737311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59737311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     59737311                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59737311                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002942                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002942                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 105499.056738                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105499.056738                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 78614.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78614.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 105356.809524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105356.809524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 105356.809524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105356.809524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              507.168852                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              750133164                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  508                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1476640.086614                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    25.168852                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.040335                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.812771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       125202                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125202                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       125202                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         125202                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       125202                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        125202                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6356040                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6356040                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6356040                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6356040                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6356040                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6356040                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       125235                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125235                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       125235                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       125235                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       125235                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       125235                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 192607.272727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 192607.272727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 192607.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 192607.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 192607.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 192607.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5095113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5095113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5095113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5095113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5095113                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5095113                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 195965.884615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 195965.884615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 195965.884615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 195965.884615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 195965.884615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 195965.884615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  581                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              118203348                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                  837                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             141222.637993                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   183.766501                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    72.233499                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.717838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.282162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        86552                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         86552                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        72698                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72698                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       159250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         159250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       159250                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        159250                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1966                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1966                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2034                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         2034                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2034                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         2034                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    242320772                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    242320772                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      7677429                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7677429                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    249998201                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    249998201                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    249998201                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    249998201                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        88518                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        88518                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        72766                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72766                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       161284                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       161284                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       161284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       161284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.022210                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022210                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000935                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000935                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012611                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012611                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012611                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012611                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 123255.733469                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123255.733469                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 112903.367647                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112903.367647                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 122909.636676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122909.636676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 122909.636676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122909.636676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          200                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             200                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           65                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           65                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1453                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1453                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1453                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1453                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          581                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          581                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     59961035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59961035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       251749                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       251749                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     60212784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     60212784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     60212784                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     60212784                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006530                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006530                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003602                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003602                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 103738.814879                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103738.814879                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 83916.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83916.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 103636.461274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103636.461274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 103636.461274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103636.461274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              506.201821                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              750133317                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1479552.893491                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    24.201821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.038785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.811221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       125355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       125355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         125355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       125355                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        125355                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6478696                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6478696                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6478696                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6478696                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6478696                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6478696                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       125388                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125388                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       125388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       125388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       125388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       125388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000263                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000263                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000263                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000263                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000263                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000263                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 196324.121212                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 196324.121212                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 196324.121212                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 196324.121212                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 196324.121212                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 196324.121212                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5047700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5047700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5047700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5047700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5047700                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5047700                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       201908                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       201908                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       201908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       201908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       201908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       201908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  580                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              118203583                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                  836                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             141391.845694                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   183.675768                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    72.324232                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.717483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.282517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        86759                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         86759                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        72726                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72726                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       159485                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         159485                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       159485                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        159485                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1952                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1952                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2020                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         2020                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2020                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         2020                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    240885910                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    240885910                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      7935475                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7935475                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    248821385                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    248821385                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    248821385                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    248821385                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        88711                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        88711                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        72794                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72794                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       161505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       161505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       161505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       161505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.022004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000934                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000934                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012507                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012507                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012507                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012507                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 123404.667008                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123404.667008                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 116698.161765                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116698.161765                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 123178.903465                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123178.903465                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 123178.903465                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123178.903465                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          199                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             199                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           64                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           64                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1440                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1440                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          580                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          580                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     58731095                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58731095                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       389721                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       389721                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     59120816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59120816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     59120816                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59120816                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006493                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006493                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000055                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000055                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 101963.706597                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101963.706597                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 97430.250000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97430.250000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 101932.441379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101932.441379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 101932.441379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101932.441379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              489.759246                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              749561121                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1490181.155070                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    14.759246                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.023653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.784871                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       127178                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        127178                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       127178                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         127178                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       127178                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        127178                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5507169                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5507169                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5507169                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5507169                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5507169                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5507169                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       127210                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       127210                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       127210                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       127210                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       127210                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       127210                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000252                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000252                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000252                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000252                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000252                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000252                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 172099.031250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172099.031250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 172099.031250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172099.031250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 172099.031250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172099.031250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4909039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4909039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4909039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4909039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4909039                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4909039                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 175322.821429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175322.821429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 175322.821429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175322.821429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 175322.821429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175322.821429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  400                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              113238011                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                  656                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             172618.919207                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   139.272475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   116.727525                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.544033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.455967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        86384                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         86384                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        71759                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        71759                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       158143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         158143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       158143                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        158143                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1272                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         1272                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1272                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         1272                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    154426093                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    154426093                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1780016                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1780016                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    156206109                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    156206109                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    156206109                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    156206109                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        87640                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        87640                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        71775                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        71775                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       159415                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       159415                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       159415                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       159415                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.014331                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014331                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000223                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.007979                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007979                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.007979                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007979                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 122950.710987                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122950.710987                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       111251                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total       111251                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 122803.544811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122803.544811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 122803.544811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122803.544811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           87                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total              87                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          872                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          872                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     42021509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42021509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       315907                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       315907                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     42337416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     42337416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     42337416                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     42337416                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004530                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004530                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002509                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002509                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002509                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002509                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105847.629723                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105847.629723                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105302.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105302.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105843.540000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105843.540000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105843.540000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105843.540000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              502.658645                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              753314124                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1497642.393638                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    12.658645                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.020286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.805543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       122280                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        122280                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       122280                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         122280                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       122280                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        122280                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2526509                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2526509                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2526509                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2526509                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2526509                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2526509                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       122295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       122295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       122295                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       122295                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       122295                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       122295                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000123                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000123                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000123                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 168433.933333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168433.933333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 168433.933333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 168433.933333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 168433.933333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 168433.933333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2198432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2198432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2198432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2198432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2198432                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2198432                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 169110.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169110.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 169110.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169110.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 169110.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169110.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 1111                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              125533493                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 1367                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             91831.377469                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   194.298154                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    61.701846                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.758977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.241023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        92375                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         92375                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        74769                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        74769                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          150                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          150                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       167144                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         167144                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       167144                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        167144                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2527                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2527                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          411                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          411                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2938                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         2938                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2938                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         2938                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    337786973                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    337786973                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     74221459                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     74221459                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    412008432                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    412008432                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    412008432                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    412008432                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        94902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        94902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        75180                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        75180                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          150                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          150                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       170082                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       170082                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       170082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       170082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.026627                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026627                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005467                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005467                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.017274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.017274                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017274                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 133671.140879                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 133671.140879                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 180587.491484                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 180587.491484                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 140234.319946                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 140234.319946                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 140234.319946                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 140234.319946                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          513                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             513                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          355                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          355                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1827                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1827                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           56                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           56                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1111                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1111                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    125234966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    125234966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      9054848                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9054848                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    134289814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    134289814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    134289814                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    134289814                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011117                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011117                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000745                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000745                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 118706.128910                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118706.128910                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 161693.714286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161693.714286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 120872.919892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120872.919892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 120872.919892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120872.919892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
