
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.117682                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                117682341450                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               644784404358                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 295846                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   374668                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1987462                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67753944                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 59212.37                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17517761515                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   22184971532                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      2509824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      1158912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      2446976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      1623680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         5504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      1625216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      1625088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      3950720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      4673024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      4676224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      4659584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      2447104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      4660096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      1619840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      3960832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      2440832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      1160192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             45318016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         5504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           79872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     10532992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          10532992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        19608                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         9054                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        19117                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        12685                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        12697                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        12696                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        30865                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        36508                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        36533                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        36403                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        19118                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        36407                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        12655                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        30944                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        19069                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         9064                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                354047                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           82289                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                82289                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        39156                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     21327108                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        36981                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data      9847799                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        36981                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     20793060                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        45682                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     13797142                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        46770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     13810194                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        46770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     13809107                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        42419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     33571052                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        46770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     39708795                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        47858                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     39735987                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        44595                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     39594589                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        36981                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     20794148                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        42419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     39598940                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        46770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     13764512                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        45682                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     33656978                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        35893                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     20740852                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        36981                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data      9858675                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               385087647                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        39156                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        36981                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        36981                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        45682                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        46770                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        46770                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        42419                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        46770                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        47858                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        44595                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        36981                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        42419                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        46770                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        45682                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        35893                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        36981                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             678708                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          89503590                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               89503590                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          89503590                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        39156                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     21327108                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        36981                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data      9847799                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        36981                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     20793060                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        45682                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     13797142                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        46770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     13810194                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        46770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     13809107                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        42419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     33571052                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        46770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     39708795                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        47858                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     39735987                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        44595                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     39594589                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        36981                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     20794148                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        42419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     39598940                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        46770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     13764512                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        45682                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     33656978                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        35893                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     20740852                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        36981                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data      9858675                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              474591237                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              282211851                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       20714352                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16987704                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2025312                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8540682                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8089063                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2121988                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        90970                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197540457                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            117760831                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          20714352                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     10211051                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            25897817                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5768883                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles     18642897                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        12173546                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2014092                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    245789164                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585851                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.923154                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      219891347     89.46%     89.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        2803647      1.14%     90.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        3240772      1.32%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        1782700      0.73%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        2069010      0.84%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        1126516      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         768748      0.31%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7        2009846      0.82%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       12096578      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    245789164                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.073400                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.417278                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      195945037                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles     20269069                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        25691396                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles       194557                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3689099                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      3362148                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred        18894                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    143764359                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts        93517                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3689099                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      196248891                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       6633409                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles     12774757                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        25590559                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       852443                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    143676778                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          202                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       224470                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       392695                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents           75                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    199624320                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    668965773                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    668965773                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    170291692                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       29332588                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        37489                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20864                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         2288131                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     13725541                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      7469340                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads       197386                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores      1659473                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        143434701                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37569                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       135473586                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       192057                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18071396                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41853677                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4119                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    245789164                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551178                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243888                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    188720758     76.78%     76.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22940230      9.33%     86.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12329147      5.02%     91.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8544011      3.48%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7470078      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3829786      1.56%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       916032      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       595381      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       443741      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    245789164                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35513     12.07%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead       127486     43.32%     55.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       131271     44.61%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113395069     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2120050      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16584      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12526112      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7415771      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    135473586                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.480042                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            294270                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002172                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    517222659                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161544950                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133225532                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    135767856                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       341769                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2441858                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          868                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1288                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       168668                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8293                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         4211                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3689099                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       6139646                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       149941                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143472386                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        73597                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13725541                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7469340                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20863                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents       105077                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1288                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1170745                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1141609                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      2312354                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133482158                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11763011                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1991424                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                 116                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           19177132                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       18673224                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          7414121                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.472986                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            133227644                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           133225532                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        79189468                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       207465490                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.472076                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.381699                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000003                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    122687896                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20785688                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33450                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      2036984                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    242100065                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506765                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323321                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191980077     79.30%     79.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23244342      9.60%     88.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9740629      4.02%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5851402      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4052133      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2613236      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1360493      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1091604      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2166149      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    242100065                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    122687896                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             18584355                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            11283683                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars             16688                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17558823                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       110607967                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      2496073                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      2166149                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          383406824                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         290636363                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               3027420                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              36422687                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           122687896                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.822118                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.822118                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.354344                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.354344                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      602082390                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     184891217                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     134149985                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        33420                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 59                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              282211851                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       24479950                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     20381211                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2222623                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9363789                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8962555                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2634278                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       103290                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    213022256                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            134284712                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          24479950                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches     11596833                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            27992668                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       6179897                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles     19374434                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4706                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           54                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        13225342                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2124567                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    264331236                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624262                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986898                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      236338568     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        1717597      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        2171514      0.82%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        3445135      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        1439637      0.54%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        1857579      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6        2165150      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         989912      0.37%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       14206144      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    264331236                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.086743                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.475829                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      211773786                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles     20748137                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        27859670                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        13158                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      3936483                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      3726801                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          635                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    164123884                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         3154                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      3936483                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      211988012                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        684105                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles     19465201                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        27658702                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       598726                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    163114369                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          151                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        86279                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       417766                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    227843613                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    758545218                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    758545218                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    190810744                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       37032869                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        39660                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20739                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         2102748                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     15255748                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      7990505                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        90196                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores      1809483                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        159275997                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        39805                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       152870055                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       151053                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19208164                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38994814                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1639                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    264331236                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578328                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302378                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199550769     75.49%     75.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     29547048     11.18%     86.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12085700      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6768380      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      9168075      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2821971      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2778249      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1493534      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       117510      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    264331236                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1052976     79.11%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead       141784     10.65%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       136262     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    128788822     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2090372      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18921      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14005759      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7966181      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    152870055                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.541685                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1331022                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008707                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    571553421                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    178524681                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    148899068                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    154201077                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       113847                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2854255                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           58                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          718                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       110208                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      3936483                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        520282                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        66069                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    159315811                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       125165                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15255748                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7990505                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20739                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        57808                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           67                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          718                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1316654                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1248312                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      2564966                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150211705                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13779861                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2658350                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           21745264                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       21246979                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          7965403                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.532266                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            148899611                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           148899068                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        89214123                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       239619688                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.527615                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.372315                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts    111009186                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    136788806                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22527739                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        38166                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      2241626                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    260394753                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525313                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344078                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    202501011     77.77%     77.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     29339347     11.27%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10649639      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5310726      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4854843      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2040264      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2016600      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       960873      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2721450      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    260394753                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts    111009186                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    136788806                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             20281790                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            12401493                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars             19040                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         19827496                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts       123154087                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      2824598                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      2721450                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          416989081                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         322569596                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               3225753                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              17880615                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts         111009186                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           136788806                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total    111009186                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.542239                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.542239                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.393354                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.393354                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      675900742                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     208068988                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     151818227                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        38134                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              282211851                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       19414416                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17331467                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1545852                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12985195                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12669933                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1167645                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46956                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    205112658                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            110238001                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          19414416                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches     13837578                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            24581713                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       5062741                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      8145080                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        12409038                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1517213                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    241347632                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511871                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.747963                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      216765919     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        3746799      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        1890219      0.78%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        3704230      1.53%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        1191392      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        3433345      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         541935      0.22%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         875385      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        9198408      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    241347632                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.068794                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.390621                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      203177175                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles     10127700                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        24532846                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        19919                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      3489991                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      1837843                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred        18190                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    123343346                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts        34180                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      3489991                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      203397636                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       6508687                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      2918845                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        24314191                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       718276                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    123163785                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          229                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        96600                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       548365                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    161442088                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    558218421                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    558218421                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    131040929                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       30401133                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        16594                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8410                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         1657616                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     22189848                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      3612803                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23591                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       820186                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        122527646                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16651                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       114776005                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        74082                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     22018251                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     45067900                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          144                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    241347632                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475563                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088973                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    191018765     79.15%     79.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15838764      6.56%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16877996      6.99%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9747549      4.04%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5039514      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1262172      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1499212      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34866      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28794      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    241347632                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        192146     57.12%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        79228     23.55%     80.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        65016     19.33%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     90021075     78.43%     78.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       901799      0.79%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8186      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20262399     17.65%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3582546      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    114776005                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.406702                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            336390                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002931                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    471310114                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    144562844                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111872207                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    115112395                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        90881                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4506095                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          127                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          306                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        82187                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      3489991                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       5693148                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        85945                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    122544387                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11383                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22189848                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3612803                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8405                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        41154                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2301                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          306                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1045243                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       593305                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      1638548                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    113321342                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19970544                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1454663                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  90                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           23552929                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       17227195                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          3582385                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.401547                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            111897683                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           111872207                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        67694540                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       147542673                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.396412                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.458813                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     89135244                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    100372615                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22176702                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16507                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      1536137                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    237857641                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421986                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289616                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    200477545     84.28%     84.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14695468      6.18%     90.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9431617      3.97%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2969880      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4923626      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       962703      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       609901      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       558360      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3228541      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    237857641                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     89135244                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    100372615                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             21214362                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            17683746                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              8236                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         15398551                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        87722601                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      1256779                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      3228541                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          357178092                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         248591401                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               4574570                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              40864219                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          89135244                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           100372615                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     89135244                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     3.166108                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               3.166108                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.315845                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.315845                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      526711824                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     145791894                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     130965429                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        16492                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              282211851                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       21827115                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17860294                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2130669                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8969041                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8586302                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2255182                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97242                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    210132458                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            122097840                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          21827115                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches     10841484                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            25483371                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       5825644                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles     11350988                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        12855342                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2132187                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    250634070                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598145                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933664                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      225150699     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        1191187      0.48%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        1888956      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        2555096      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        2627564      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        2221033      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6        1241776      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7        1846922      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       11910837      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    250634070                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.077343                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.432646                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      207967650                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles     13534267                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        25436381                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        28894                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      3666876                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      3592248                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          377                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    149799718                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1960                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      3666876                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      208540131                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       1879323                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles     10332679                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        24899363                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles      1315696                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    149742872                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          197                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       196054                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       564140                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    208959400                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    696641992                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    696641992                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    181141477                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       27817923                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        37135                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19327                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         3906365                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     14005958                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      7596035                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        89311                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores      1773825                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        149555210                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37263                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       142016253                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19642                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16548690                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39639912                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1350                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    250634070                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566628                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259647                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    190566386     76.03%     76.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24680645      9.85%     85.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12502483      4.99%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9459390      3.77%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7425473      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2993920      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1891042      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       983120      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       131611      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    250634070                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27073     11.50%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        86397     36.69%     48.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122014     51.81%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    119438527     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2122103      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17805      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12865633      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7572185      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    142016253                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.503226                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            235484                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001658                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    534921702                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    166141744                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139884519                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    142251737                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       288135                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2238184                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           86                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          584                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       109755                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      3666876                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       1558083                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       129280                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    149592625                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        59725                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14005958                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7596035                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19329                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents       109110                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          584                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1240180                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1197183                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      2437363                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    140055674                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12105640                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1960579                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                 152                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           19677532                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       19901633                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          7571892                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.496278                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            139884740                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           139884519                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        80297126                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       216373681                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.495672                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.371104                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts    105594058                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    129932531                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19660109                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35913                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      2157620                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    246967194                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526113                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373662                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    193682071     78.42%     78.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26399468     10.69%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9985159      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4761145      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3995861      1.62%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2301151      0.93%     97.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2019760      0.82%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       909081      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2913498      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    246967194                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts    105594058                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    129932531                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             19254054                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            11767774                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars             17916                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         18736591                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       117067590                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      2675615                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      2913498                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          393645608                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         302852221                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               3183343                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              31577781                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts         105594058                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           129932531                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total    105594058                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.672611                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.672611                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.374166                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.374166                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      630358283                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     194858440                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     138884649                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        35882                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              282211851                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       21832297                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17864332                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2136497                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9119978                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8603311                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2256823                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97372                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    210398998                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            122056108                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          21832297                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches     10860134                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            25491627                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       5818180                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles     11227821                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        12871906                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2137801                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    250772378                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597747                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932820                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      225280751     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        1193682      0.48%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        1891886      0.75%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        2558943      1.02%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        2632458      1.05%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        2224498      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6        1241267      0.49%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7        1846899      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       11901994      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    250772378                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.077361                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.432498                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      208232096                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles     13413123                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        25444207                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        29394                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      3653556                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      3592848                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          377                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    149782532                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1959                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      3653556                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      208805272                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       1885120                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles     10203873                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        24907032                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles      1317523                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    149724353                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          195                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents       196490                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       565043                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    208937316                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    696515637                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    696515637                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    181308160                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       27629146                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        37491                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19666                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         3910787                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     14023494                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      7596367                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        89733                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores      1781710                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        149538968                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37623                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       142093847                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19621                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16407518                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39154405                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1679                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    250772378                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566625                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259455                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    190644619     76.02%     76.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24721915      9.86%     85.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12530117      5.00%     90.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9449100      3.77%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7423378      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2995302      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1892219      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       984762      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       130966      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    250772378                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         26939     11.43%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        86497     36.69%     48.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122333     51.89%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    119509086     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2117804      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17821      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12877026      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7572110      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    142093847                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.503501                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            235769                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001659                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    535215462                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    165984696                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139953857                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    142329616                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       288579                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2244926                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          105                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          588                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       103237                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      3653556                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       1563433                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       129656                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    149576737                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        57322                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14023494                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7596367                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19670                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents       109405                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          588                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1245423                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1197674                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      2443097                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    140124674                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12116652                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1969173                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                 146                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           19688462                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       19917869                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          7571810                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.496523                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            139954085                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           139953857                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        80338890                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       216478261                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.495918                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.371118                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts    105691257                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    130052075                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19524685                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35944                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      2163474                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    247118822                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526273                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373742                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    193777952     78.41%     78.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26430468     10.70%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9995395      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4762080      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4005508      1.62%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2302777      0.93%     97.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2019660      0.82%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       909156      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2915826      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    247118822                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts    105691257                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    130052075                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             19271695                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            11778565                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars             17932                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         18753810                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       117175294                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      2678066                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      2915826                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          393779028                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         302807136                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               3189653                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              31439473                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts         105691257                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           130052075                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total    105691257                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.670153                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.670153                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.374510                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.374510                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      630679515                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     194960783                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     138851682                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        35912                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              282211851                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       21828955                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17861228                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2132904                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9048825                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8593528                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2255627                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97247                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    210229258                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            122068279                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          21828955                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches     10849155                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            25484156                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       5820622                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles     11399701                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.MiscStallCycles          546                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        12861269                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2134283                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    250773655                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597745                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932982                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      225289499     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        1192123      0.48%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        1888590      0.75%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        2555716      1.02%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        2631042      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        2222439      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6        1241002      0.49%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7        1846193      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       11907051      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    250773655                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.077350                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.432541                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      208062962                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles     13585011                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        25436911                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        29162                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3659607                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      3593010                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          376                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    149782369                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1951                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3659607                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      208636136                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       1909591                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles     10351808                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        24899467                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles      1317044                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    149725268                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          203                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents       195710                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       565136                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    208928958                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    696540905                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    696540905                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    181197681                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       27731277                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        37263                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19448                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         3907126                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     14015025                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      7595472                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        89124                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores      1784558                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        149538441                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37396                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       142039800                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19616                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16489354                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39430774                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1472                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    250773655                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566406                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259303                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    190680208     76.04%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24700499      9.85%     85.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12515513      4.99%     90.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9451564      3.77%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7425405      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2995273      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1891101      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       983744      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       130348      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    250773655                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27128     11.52%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        86424     36.70%     48.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       121947     51.78%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    119461100     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2119806      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17811      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12869799      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7571284      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    142039800                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.503309                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            235499                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001658                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    535108370                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    166065774                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139904657                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    142275299                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       288629                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2243598                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          111                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          584                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       106850                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3659607                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       1588452                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles       129682                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    149575983                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        58823                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14015025                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7595472                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19452                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents       109445                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          584                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1241339                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1197629                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      2438968                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    140075514                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12109503                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1964286                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                 146                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           19680493                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       19907964                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          7570990                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.496349                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            139904873                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           139904657                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        80308624                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       216402567                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.495743                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.371108                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts    105626897                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    129972929                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19603083                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35924                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      2159869                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    247114048                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525963                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373403                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    193805957     78.43%     78.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26415025     10.69%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9987017      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4760784      1.93%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4002743      1.62%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2301611      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2017923      0.82%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       908951      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2914037      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    247114048                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts    105626897                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    129972929                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             19260049                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            11771427                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars             17922                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         18742384                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts       117104035                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      2676455                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      2914037                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          393775295                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         302811687                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               3186224                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              31438196                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts         105626897                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           129972929                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total    105626897                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.671780                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.671780                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.374282                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.374282                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      630452076                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     194885020                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     138857519                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        35892                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 49                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              282211847                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       19831734                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16219151                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1935294                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8173432                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7819100                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2039177                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        85686                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    192424871                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            112560013                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          19831734                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      9858277                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            23581468                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       5635851                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      9039700                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        11833125                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1947810                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    228703767                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601269                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.946050                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      205122299     89.69%     89.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        1280182      0.56%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        2017699      0.88%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        3217041      1.41%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        1330835      0.58%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        1482552      0.65%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6        1590056      0.70%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7        1035584      0.45%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       11627519      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    228703767                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.070273                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.398849                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      190590108                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles     10888639                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        23508322                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        59437                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      3657260                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      3251102                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          470                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    137428784                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         3012                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      3657260                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      190886348                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       2194040                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      7824798                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        23276834                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       864474                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    137338312                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents        33953                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents       236095                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       320881                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents        58397                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    190665648                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    638892956                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    638892956                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    162686956                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       27978692                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        35416                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19679                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         2557799                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     13077290                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      7037526                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads       211665                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores      1598125                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        137143144                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35518                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       129791269                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       163603                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17362696                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38762215                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3789                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    228703767                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567508                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260846                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    173953916     76.06%     76.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21992367      9.62%     85.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12015873      5.25%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8186027      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7654255      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2198532      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1719808      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       583365      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       399624      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    228703767                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30135     12.62%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        91860     38.45%     51.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116887     48.93%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    108725370     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2053872      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15731      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11995401      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7000895      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    129791269                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.459907                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            238882                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001841                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    488688790                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    154542801                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    127709542                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    130030151                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       392735                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2339641                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          355                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1472                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       211430                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8076                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           29                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      3657260                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       1373908                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       117468                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137178804                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        56760                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13077290                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7037526                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19672                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        86429                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           27                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1472                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1130117                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1106310                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      2236427                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127946279                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11281903                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1844990                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                 142                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           18281132                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       18007809                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          6999229                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.453370                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            127710384                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           127709542                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        74668263                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       195059538                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.452531                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.382797                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95562028                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    117134954                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20044395                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31729                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      1976660                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    225046507                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520492                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372718                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177503273     78.87%     78.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23023208     10.23%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8962380      3.98%     93.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4830404      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3613577      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2020315      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1246602      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1113705      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2733043      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    225046507                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     95562028                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    117134954                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             17563745                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            10737649                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars             15830                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         16814123                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts       105547530                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      2379617                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      2733043                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          359492176                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         278016186                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               3118602                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              53508080                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          95562028                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           117134954                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     95562028                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.953180                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.953180                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.338618                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.338618                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      576973191                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     177019253                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     128202856                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        31700                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              282211851                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       19066561                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17206332                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       999274                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7117465                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6816181                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1051464                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        44043                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    202254738                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            119821179                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          19066561                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      7867645                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            23699939                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       3154836                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles     28332053                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        11603547                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1003461                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    256417375                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548217                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848372                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      232717436     90.76%     90.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         845455      0.33%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        1726534      0.67%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         737197      0.29%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        3936389      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        3513227      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         678437      0.26%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7        1421786      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       10840914      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    256417375                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.067561                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.424579                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      200164706                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles     30434847                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        23612264                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        75411                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      2130142                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      1672149                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          504                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    140504783                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         2802                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      2130142                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      200431181                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles      28322479                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      1203102                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        23453038                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       877426                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    140429813                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          468                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents       447649                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       289477                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents         8983                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    164878264                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    661369562                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    661369562                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    146132599                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       18745651                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        16281                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8217                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         2038482                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     33126172                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores     16747664                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads       151858                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       811491                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        140155576                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16328                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       134661675                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        76593                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10919226                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     26304829                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           79                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    256417375                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525166                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.315722                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    208057364     81.14%     81.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14766666      5.76%     86.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11945109      4.66%     91.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5162662      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6451003      2.52%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6113284      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3473610      1.35%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       276703      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       170974      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    256417375                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        338935     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2589375     86.20%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        75660      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     84484031     62.74%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1176365      0.87%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8062      0.01%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     32285203     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     16708014     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    134661675                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.477165                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3003970                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022308                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    528821288                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    151094634                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133510599                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    137665645                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       241363                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1296986                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          504                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3515                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       105112                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11875                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      2130142                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles      27648449                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles       264567                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    140171989                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1369                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     33126172                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     16747664                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8216                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents       164095                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          123                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3515                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       581757                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       591454                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      1173211                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133722080                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     32181157                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       939595                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  85                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           48887457                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       17523293                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores         16706300                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.473836                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            133514053                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           133510599                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        72137801                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       142458532                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.473086                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.506378                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts    108464443                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    127463904                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12723071                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16249                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      1021141                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    254287233                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501260                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319807                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    207884891     81.75%     81.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17079669      6.72%     88.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7953176      3.13%     91.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7820158      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2166616      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8949456      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       682434      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       497603      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1253230      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    254287233                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts    108464443                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    127463904                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             48471730                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            31829183                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              8112                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         16832421                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       113346148                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      1234740                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      1253230                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          393220653                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         282504295                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               4342601                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              25794476                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts         108464443                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           127463904                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total    108464443                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.601884                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.601884                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.384337                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.384337                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      661052245                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     155046533                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     167268776                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        16224                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              282211851                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       19053880                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17197436                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       998380                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7121464                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6818938                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1045853                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        43880                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    202021472                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            119706969                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          19053880                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      7864791                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            23686829                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       3160205                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles     28405139                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        11590382                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1002495                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    256250424                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548213                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848455                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      232563595     90.76%     90.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         842742      0.33%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        1735715      0.68%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         741229      0.29%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        3933284      1.53%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        3497885      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         676198      0.26%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7        1415969      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       10843807      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    256250424                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.067516                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.424174                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      199910590                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles     30528586                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        23599685                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        75082                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      2136476                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      1668576                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          508                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    140414027                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         2782                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      2136476                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      200179646                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles      28419858                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      1194371                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        23437930                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       882136                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    140332696                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          581                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents       451895                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       291109                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents         8126                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    164723123                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    660858546                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    660858546                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    145968221                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       18754902                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        16260                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8206                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         2050708                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     33106464                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores     16743137                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads       152038                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       808889                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        140055014                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16309                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       134562715                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        88070                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10964249                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     26403745                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           76                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    256250424                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525122                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.315670                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    207925642     81.14%     81.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14757325      5.76%     86.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11930483      4.66%     91.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5164931      2.02%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6448815      2.52%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6104875      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3469676      1.35%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       277476      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       171201      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    256250424                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        338692     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2585994     86.19%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        75570      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     84413001     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1174943      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8053      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     32276778     23.99%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     16689940     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    134562715                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.476815                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3000256                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022296                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    528464180                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    151039026                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133396747                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    137562971                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       240282                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1310709                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          505                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3462                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       118145                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11867                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            1                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      2136476                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles      27730014                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       264098                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    140071423                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1328                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     33106464                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     16743137                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8205                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents       164141                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          128                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3462                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       583474                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       590222                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      1173696                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133621432                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     32159833                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       941283                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                 100                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           48848120                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       17502353                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores         16688287                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.473479                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            133400167                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           133396747                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        72056759                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       142259318                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.472683                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.506517                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts    108344885                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    127322940                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12764391                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16233                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      1020226                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    254113948                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501047                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319566                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    207760886     81.76%     81.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17062360      6.71%     88.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7946799      3.13%     91.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7811654      3.07%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2162179      0.85%     95.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8938723      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       682157      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       496773      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1252417      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    254113948                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts    108344885                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    127322940                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             48420747                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            31795755                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              8104                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         16813645                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       113220680                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      1233247                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      1252417                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          392948537                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         282311309                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               4336114                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              25961427                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts         108344885                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           127322940                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total    108344885                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.604755                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.604755                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.383913                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.383913                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      660508097                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     154903057                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     167103498                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        16208                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              282211851                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       18999604                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17145178                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       994663                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7125416                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6796181                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1046956                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        43786                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201537806                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            119380560                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          18999604                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      7843137                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            23614621                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       3137718                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles     28572225                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           28                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        11561333                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       998820                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    255842899                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.547430                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.847154                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      232228278     90.77%     90.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         841089      0.33%     91.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        1724435      0.67%     91.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         735996      0.29%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        3922198      1.53%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        3497187      1.37%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         675421      0.26%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7        1415508      0.55%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       10802787      4.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    255842899                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.067324                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.423018                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      199462203                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles     30660324                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        23527505                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        75151                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      2117711                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      1666876                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          508                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    139989977                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         2839                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      2117711                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      199727262                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles      28518203                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      1237286                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        23368741                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       873689                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    139913369                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          449                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents       448957                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       288531                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5773                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    164244975                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    658920158                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    658920158                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    145646784                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       18598184                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        16232                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8196                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         2027905                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     33012864                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores     16697034                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads       152438                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       809677                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        139644967                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16281                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       134212490                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        80096                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10841539                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     26045925                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           84                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    255842899                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.524589                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.315124                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    207644161     81.16%     81.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14717452      5.75%     86.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11905890      4.65%     91.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5145391      2.01%     93.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6428913      2.51%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6091965      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3462881      1.35%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       275646      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       170600      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    255842899                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        337337     11.27%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2580589     86.21%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        75384      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     84191748     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1172229      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8035      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     32187728     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     16652750     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    134212490                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.475574                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2993310                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022303                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    527341285                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    150506255                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133059969                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    137205800                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       241190                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1287868                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          502                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3478                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       109031                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11829                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            1                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      2117711                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles      27841651                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles       261267                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    139661345                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1365                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     33012864                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     16697034                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8195                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents       162049                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          114                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3478                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       579486                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       588427                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      1167913                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133275642                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     32080463                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       936848                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  97                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           48731518                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       17464332                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores         16651055                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.472254                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            133063539                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           133059969                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        71883171                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       141907789                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.471490                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.506548                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts    108105593                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    127041814                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12635115                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16197                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      1016478                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    253725188                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.500706                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319191                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    207477326     81.77%     81.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17021147      6.71%     88.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7928163      3.12%     91.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7795789      3.07%     94.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2156138      0.85%     95.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8921786      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       679720      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       495780      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1249339      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    253725188                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts    108105593                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    127041814                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             48312996                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            31724993                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              8086                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         16776605                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       112970665                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      1230550                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      1249339                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          392152453                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         281471771                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               4326890                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              26368952                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts         108105593                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           127041814                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total    108105593                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.610520                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.610520                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.383065                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.383065                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      658843400                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     154516686                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     166672290                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        16172                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              282211851                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       19427371                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17339849                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1547753                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12961123                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12675214                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1167764                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46925                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    205240622                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            110294254                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          19427371                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches     13842978                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            24590301                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       5068166                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      8214107                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        12417202                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1519354                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    241556739                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511691                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.747761                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      216966438     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        3748324      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        1888317      0.78%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        3703467      1.53%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        1192194      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        3434321      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         541821      0.22%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         879229      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        9202628      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    241556739                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.068840                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.390821                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      203304344                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles     10197313                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        24541740                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        19822                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      3493519                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      1842445                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred        18191                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    123408056                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts        34321                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      3493519                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      203525084                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       6545117                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      2952488                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        24322556                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       717969                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    123226819                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          219                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        96233                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       548352                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    161516515                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    558479573                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    558479573                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    131083048                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       30433461                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        16577                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8392                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         1656389                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     22198568                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      3613598                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        24124                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       820953                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        122585864                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16634                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       114826375                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        74561                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     22043199                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     45102342                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          124                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    241556739                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475360                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088788                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    191206683     79.16%     79.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15845198      6.56%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16884257      6.99%     92.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9751045      4.04%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5043698      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1262888      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1499308      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34848      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28814      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    241556739                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        192465     57.19%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        79148     23.52%     80.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64945     19.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     90064166     78.44%     78.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       901653      0.79%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8188      0.01%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20269171     17.65%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3583197      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    114826375                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.406880                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            336558                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002931                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    471620608                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    144645978                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111919248                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    115162933                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        90114                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4507570                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          104                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          285                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        82240                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      3493519                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       5730519                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        86180                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    122602582                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6525                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22198568                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3613598                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8387                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        41455                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2272                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          285                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1045827                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       594239                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      1640066                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    113368167                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19976878                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1458208                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  84                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           23559913                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       17235422                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          3583035                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.401713                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            111944704                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           111919248                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        67715285                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       147584674                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.396579                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.458823                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     89166094                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    100405837                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22201630                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16510                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      1538039                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    238063220                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421761                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289340                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    200673303     84.29%     84.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14697793      6.17%     90.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9433975      3.96%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2970825      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4925851      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       962830      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       610150      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       558779      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3229714      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    238063220                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     89166094                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    100405837                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             21222352                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            17690994                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              8238                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         15403755                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        87751175                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      1257035                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      3229714                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          357440648                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         248711175                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               4577773                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              40655112                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          89166094                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           100405837                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     89166094                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     3.165013                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               3.165013                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.315954                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.315954                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      526920176                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     145852650                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     131028494                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        16494                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              282211851                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       19021683                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17166199                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       998314                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7307090                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6814236                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1046698                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        44093                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201829301                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            119515699                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          19021683                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      7860934                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            23650577                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       3149547                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles     28375145                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        11579982                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1002505                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    255981269                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.547844                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.847741                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      232330692     90.76%     90.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         843244      0.33%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        1733055      0.68%     91.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         740000      0.29%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        3925465      1.53%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        3496344      1.37%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         680742      0.27%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7        1413505      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       10818222      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    255981269                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.067402                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.423496                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      199756670                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles     30460216                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        23563295                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        75337                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      2125746                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      1667571                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          503                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    140172300                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         2824                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      2125746                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      200022261                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles      28302575                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      1246960                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        23404250                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       879470                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    140092393                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents         2576                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents       446939                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       291718                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents        13574                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    164448049                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    659744935                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    659744935                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    145789466                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       18658583                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        16264                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8219                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         2029991                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     33058653                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores     16720087                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads       151303                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       806473                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        139819092                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16311                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       134383007                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        86300                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10872580                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     26098022                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           98                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    255981269                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.524972                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.315498                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    207711172     81.14%     81.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14751615      5.76%     86.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11920147      4.66%     91.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5150113      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6433371      2.51%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6100845      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3466038      1.35%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       276922      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       171046      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    255981269                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        337484     11.26%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2584425     86.23%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        75355      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     84297464     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1172562      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8043      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     32235302     23.99%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     16669636     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    134383007                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.476178                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2997264                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022304                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    527830847                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    150711441                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133223500                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    137380271                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       241518                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1302227                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          527                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3466                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       115662                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11846                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            1                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      2125746                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles      27617785                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles       260701                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    139835501                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1381                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     33058653                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     16720087                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8217                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents       162142                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          134                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3466                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       585566                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       586766                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      1172332                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133445954                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     32122556                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       937053                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  98                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           48790450                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       17481239                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores         16667894                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.472857                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            133227126                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           133223500                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        71968798                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       142057546                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.472069                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.506617                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts    108211846                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    127166604                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12684508                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16213                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      1020283                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    253855523                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.500941                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319340                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    207555904     81.76%     81.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17042232      6.71%     88.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7939007      3.13%     91.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7803631      3.07%     94.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2157230      0.85%     95.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8932623      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       679633      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       496472      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1248791      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    253855523                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts    108211846                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    127166604                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             48360851                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            31756426                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              8094                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         16793049                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts       113081638                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      1231746                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      1248791                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          392457519                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         281828151                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               4335826                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              26230582                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts         108211846                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           127166604                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total    108211846                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.607957                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.607957                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.383442                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.383442                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      659676114                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     154705459                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     166858474                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        16188                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              282211851                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       21801466                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17839518                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2130367                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8974220                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8576543                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2251909                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97292                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    209893465                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            121961843                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          21801466                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches     10828452                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            25455212                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       5825304                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles     11507065                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1954                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        12842997                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2132006                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    250524969                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597755                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933099                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      225069757     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        1190308      0.48%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        1886851      0.75%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        2551568      1.02%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        2622513      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        2218385      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6        1243872      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7        1845053      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       11896662      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    250524969                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.077252                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.432164                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      207732732                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles     13688325                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        25407881                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        29160                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3666869                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      3587853                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          380                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    149636107                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1985                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3666869                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      208305293                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       1923251                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles     10443057                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        24871076                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles      1315421                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    149579328                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          196                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents       195183                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       564455                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    208725216                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    695882406                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    695882406                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    180896585                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       27828623                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        37056                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19273                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         3905689                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     13992695                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      7586347                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        89299                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores      1856377                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        149390312                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37188                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       141844765                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19622                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16561643                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39664668                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1323                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    250524969                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566190                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258878                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    190465943     76.03%     76.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24733526      9.87%     85.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12503805      4.99%     90.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9422188      3.76%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7405257      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2995097      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1885333      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       982006      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       131814      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    250524969                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27031     11.46%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        86898     36.84%     48.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       121938     51.70%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    119297623     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2119513      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17781      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12847302      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7562546      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    141844765                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.502618                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            235867                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001663                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    534469988                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    165989726                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139717181                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    142080632                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       289049                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2240843                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           96                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          585                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       110229                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3666869                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       1602209                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles       129360                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    149427648                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        59693                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13992695                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7586347                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19274                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents       109162                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          585                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1239686                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1197212                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      2436898                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139887699                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12089212                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1957066                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                 148                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           19651460                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       19875159                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          7562248                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.495683                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            139717396                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           139717181                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        80201665                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       216128324                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.495079                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.371084                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts    105451219                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    129756722                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19670943                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35865                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      2157277                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    246858100                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525633                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372236                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    193590815     78.42%     78.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26416937     10.70%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9966379      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4755795      1.93%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4021628      1.63%     96.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2298373      0.93%     97.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1997324      0.81%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       909471      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2901378      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    246858100                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts    105451219                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    129756722                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             19227967                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            11751849                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars             17892                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         18711238                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts       116909182                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      2671988                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      2901378                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          393383659                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         302522271                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               3180910                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              31686882                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts         105451219                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           129756722                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total    105451219                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.676231                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.676231                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.373660                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.373660                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      629597666                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     194624278                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     138726872                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        35834                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 49                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              282211554                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       19878548                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16257760                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1939523                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8196715                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7841050                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2045085                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        86078                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    192881675                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            112831177                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          19878548                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      9886135                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            23641836                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       5649976                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      8972121                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        11861446                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1952064                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    229163113                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601524                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.946353                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      205521277     89.68%     89.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        1283795      0.56%     90.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        2025770      0.88%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        3223946      1.41%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        1333837      0.58%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        1486530      0.65%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6        1597316      0.70%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7        1037114      0.45%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       11653528      5.09%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    229163113                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.070438                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.399811                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      191043080                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles     10824963                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        23568846                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        59204                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      3667019                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      3258226                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          463                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    137763114                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         2840                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      3667019                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      191338004                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       2164471                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      7780123                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        23338326                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       875157                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    137673248                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents        40333                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       236009                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       319846                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents        71067                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    191129353                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    640460594                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    640460594                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    163076550                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       28052590                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        35579                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19806                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         2552154                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     13111872                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      7055547                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads       212056                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores      1601308                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        137479629                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35679                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       130108062                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       164328                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17418718                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38880167                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3877                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    229163113                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567753                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.261080                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    174280008     76.05%     76.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22048570      9.62%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12039194      5.25%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8209295      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7672312      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2205193      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1722552      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       585218      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       400771      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    229163113                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30226     12.60%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        92373     38.52%     51.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       117199     48.87%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    108987599     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2058834      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15768      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12027204      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7018657      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    130108062                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.461030                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            239798                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001843                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    489783363                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    154935469                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    128021910                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    130347860                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       394142                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2348498                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          408                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1469                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       213125                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8089                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           61                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      3667019                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       1348265                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       117856                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137515447                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        56776                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13111872                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7055547                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19795                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        86787                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           26                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1469                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1134594                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1107116                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      2241710                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    128259887                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11310359                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1848175                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                 139                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           18327332                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       18049461                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          7016973                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.454481                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            128022765                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           128021910                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        74848642                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       195538955                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.453638                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.382781                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95790730                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    117415371                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20100492                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31802                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      1981025                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    225496094                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520698                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372964                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177838101     78.87%     78.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23080066     10.24%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8983747      3.98%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4842040      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3621870      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2024171      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1249371      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1116694      0.50%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2740034      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    225496094                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     95790730                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    117415371                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             17605769                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            10763352                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars             15866                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         16854402                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       105800208                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      2385326                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      2740034                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          360271286                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         278699158                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               3124982                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              53048441                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          95790730                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           117415371                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     95790730                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.946126                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.946126                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.339429                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.339429                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      578390545                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     177451599                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     128513226                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        31774                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              282210406                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       19390063                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17308978                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1545701                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12955042                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12650592                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1165630                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        47045                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    204829687                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            110090702                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          19390063                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches     13816222                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            24548961                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       5062320                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      8317114                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        12393692                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1517261                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    241203674                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511497                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.747396                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      216654713     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        3740216      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        1890513      0.78%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        3699487      1.53%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        1189754      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        3426449      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         541090      0.22%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         874118      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        9187334      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    241203674                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.068708                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.390101                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      202901678                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles     10292171                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        24500261                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        19809                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3489754                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      1836405                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred        18158                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    123179928                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts        34250                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3489754                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      203121294                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       6615988                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      2979228                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        24282440                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       714964                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    123000027                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          223                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        96108                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       545954                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    161237962                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    557477614                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    557477614                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    130829152                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       30408698                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        16552                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8378                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         1651267                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     22158258                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      3607526                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23523                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       819410                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        122362240                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16612                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       114608787                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        74425                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     22016773                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     45073464                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          126                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    241203674                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475154                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088678                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    190952253     79.17%     79.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15814954      6.56%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16848939      6.99%     92.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9730580      4.03%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5034954      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1259889      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1498545      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34796      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28764      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    241203674                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        192376     57.18%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        79125     23.52%     80.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64910     19.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89893841     78.44%     78.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       900296      0.79%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8175      0.01%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20229384     17.65%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3577091      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    114608787                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.406111                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            336411                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002935                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    470832084                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    144395917                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111703763                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    114945198                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        89895                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4505743                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          119                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          301                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        81902                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3489754                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       5807373                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        85585                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    122378943                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        12160                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22158258                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3607526                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8377                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        41053                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2323                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          301                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1044931                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       594214                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      1639145                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    113152684                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19937723                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1456103                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  91                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           23514644                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       17201789                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          3576921                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.400951                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            111729177                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           111703763                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        67590894                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       147328665                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.395817                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.458776                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88987308                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    100208495                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22175304                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16486                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      1536015                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    237713920                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421551                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288996                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    200393839     84.30%     84.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14673726      6.17%     90.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9414783      3.96%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2964093      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4915910      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       961963      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       609805      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       557769      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3222032      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    237713920                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     88987308                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    100208495                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             21178116                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            17652501                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              8226                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         15372877                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        87580237                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      1254990                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      3222032                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          356875362                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         248260184                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               4569991                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              41006732                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          88987308                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           100208495                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     88987308                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     3.171356                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               3.171356                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.315323                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.315323                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      525912522                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     145577496                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     130782168                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        16470                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 59                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              282211851                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       24510333                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     20406848                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2225150                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9381401                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8971218                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2637697                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       103457                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    213228413                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            134446658                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          24510333                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches     11608915                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            28025432                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       6189585                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles     19109393                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.MiscStallCycles         6277                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           54                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        13239050                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2127051                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    264313859                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.625084                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.988111                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      236288427     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        1718965      0.65%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        2171848      0.82%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        3450732      1.31%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        1441428      0.55%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        1858432      0.70%     93.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6        2167192      0.82%     94.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         992305      0.38%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       14224530      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    264313859                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.086851                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.476403                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      211981227                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles     20483558                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        27892105                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        13310                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      3943657                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      3731235                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          633                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    164329472                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         3138                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      3943657                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      212195944                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        683920                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles     19199811                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        27690944                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       599576                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    163318406                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          151                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        86612                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       418171                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    228122398                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    759486575                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    759486575                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    190990498                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       37131894                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        39663                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20724                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         2106985                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     15280380                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      7999145                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        90429                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores      1809698                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        159468563                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        39808                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       153040170                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       152742                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19267247                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39132888                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1606                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    264313859                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579009                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.303059                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199469916     75.47%     75.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     29570537     11.19%     86.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12096110      4.58%     91.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6777956      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      9177521      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2827914      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2781238      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1494873      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       117794      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    264313859                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1054443     79.09%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead       142430     10.68%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       136373     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    128929939     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2092185      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18939      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14023961      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7975146      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    153040170                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.542288                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1333246                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008712                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    571880187                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    178776334                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    149061484                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    154373416                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       114364                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2867241                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           52                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          719                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       111462                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      3943657                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        519956                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        65731                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    159508380                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       124421                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15280380                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7999145                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20724                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        57547                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           62                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          719                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1317756                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1250467                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      2568223                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150378767                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13796466                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2661403                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           21770945                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       21268568                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          7974479                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.532858                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            149061889                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           149061484                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        89309041                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       239899604                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.528190                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.372277                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts    111113705                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    136917552                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22591486                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        38202                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      2244144                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    260370202                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525857                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344705                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    202424559     77.74%     77.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     29364244     11.28%     89.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10659634      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5315632      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4859540      1.87%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2041690      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2018404      0.78%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       961882      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2724617      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    260370202                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts    111113705                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    136917552                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             20300818                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            12413135                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars             19058                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         19846177                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts       123269983                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      2827255                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      2724617                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          417153856                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         322961764                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               3230012                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              17897992                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts         111113705                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           136917552                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total    111113705                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.539847                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.539847                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.393724                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.393724                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      676647033                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     208292961                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     151998321                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        38170                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                        19656                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.535785                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         231795                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                        21704                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        10.679829                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          31.626489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     2.537612                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1655.558765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data         357.812918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015443                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.001239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.808378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.174713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        36438                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                 36439                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks          19892                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total               19892                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          158                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                 158                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        36596                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                  36597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        36596                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                 36597                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19606                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total               19642                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19608                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                19644                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19608                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total               19644                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80741155                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  16816690063                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   16897431218                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      2437951                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2437951                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80741155                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  16819128014                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total    16899869169                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80741155                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  16819128014                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total   16899869169                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        56044                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total             56081                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        19892                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total           19892                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          160                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total             160                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        56204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total              56241                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        56204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total             56241                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.349832                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.350243                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012500                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.012500                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.348872                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.349283                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.348872                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.349283                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2242809.861111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 857731.820004                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 860270.401079                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1218975.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1218975.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2242809.861111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 857768.666565                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 860306.921655                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2242809.861111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 857768.666565                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 860306.921655                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks              10599                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                   10599                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          19642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total           19644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19608                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total          19644                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     77579386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  15094916720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15172496106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      2262062                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2262062                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     77579386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  15097178782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15174758168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     77579386                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  15097178782                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15174758168                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.349832                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.350243                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.348872                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349283                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.348872                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349283                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2154982.944444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 769913.124554                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 772451.690561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1131031                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1131031                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2154982.944444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 769949.958282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 772488.198330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2154982.944444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 769949.958282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 772488.198330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                         9088                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.226661                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         218041                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                        11136                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        19.579831                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.075244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     4.860179                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1403.444762                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data         600.846476                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018591                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.002373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.685276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.293382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999622                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        29807                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                 29809                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9302                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                9302                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          226                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                 226                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        30033                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                  30035                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        30033                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                 30035                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         9054                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                9088                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         9054                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                 9088                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         9054                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                9088                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     95686520                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   7433085469                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7528771989                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     95686520                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   7433085469                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total     7528771989                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     95686520                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   7433085469                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total    7528771989                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        38861                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total             38897                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9302                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total            9302                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          226                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total             226                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        39087                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total              39123                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        39087                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total             39123                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.232984                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.233643                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.231637                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.232293                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.231637                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.232293                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2814309.411765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 820972.550144                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 828430.016395                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2814309.411765                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 820972.550144                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 828430.016395                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2814309.411765                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 820972.550144                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 828430.016395                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks               4785                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                    4785                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         9054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           9088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         9054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total            9088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         9054                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total           9088                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     92700573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   6637826408                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6730526981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     92700573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   6637826408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6730526981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     92700573                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   6637826408                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6730526981                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.232984                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233643                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.231637                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232293                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.231637                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232293                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2726487.441176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 733137.442898                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 740594.958297                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2726487.441176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 733137.442898                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 740594.958297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2726487.441176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 733137.442898                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 740594.958297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                        19152                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.839825                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         160759                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                        21200                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                         7.582972                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.632152                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     2.498261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1674.412274                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data         342.297137                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.001220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.817584                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.167137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        36284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                 36285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6538                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                6538                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           70                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                  70                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        36354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                  36355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        36354                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                 36355                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19117                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total               19151                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19117                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                19151                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19117                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total               19151                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     58971720                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  15019668786                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15078640506                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     58971720                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  15019668786                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total    15078640506                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     58971720                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  15019668786                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total   15078640506                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        55401                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total             55436                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6538                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total            6538                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           70                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total              70                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        55471                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total              55506                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        55471                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total             55506                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.345066                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345461                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.344631                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345026                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.344631                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345026                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1734462.352941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 785670.805356                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 787355.255914                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1734462.352941                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 785670.805356                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 787355.255914                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1734462.352941                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 785670.805356                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 787355.255914                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks               2547                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                    2547                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          19151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total           19151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19117                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total          19151                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     55986520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  13340892427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13396878947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     55986520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  13340892427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13396878947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     55986520                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  13340892427                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13396878947                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.345066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345461                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.344631                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.344631                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1646662.352941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 697854.915886                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 699539.394653                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1646662.352941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 697854.915886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 699539.394653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1646662.352941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 697854.915886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 699539.394653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                        12732                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.433911                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         195629                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                        14780                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        13.236062                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.939671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     4.956830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1529.549650                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data         485.987760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013154                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.002420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.746850                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.237299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        30345                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                 30347                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9762                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                9762                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          167                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                 167                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        30512                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                  30514                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        30512                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                 30514                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        12686                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total               12728                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        12686                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                12728                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        12686                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total               12728                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     83813874                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  10458642014                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   10542455888                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     83813874                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  10458642014                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total    10542455888                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     83813874                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  10458642014                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total   10542455888                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        43031                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total             43075                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9762                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total            9762                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          167                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total             167                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        43198                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total              43242                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        43198                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total             43242                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.294811                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.295485                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.293671                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.294343                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.293671                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.294343                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1995568.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 824423.932997                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 828288.489001                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1995568.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 824423.932997                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 828288.489001                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1995568.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 824423.932997                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 828288.489001                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks               5584                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                    5584                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l203.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l203.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l203.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l203.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        12685                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          12727                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        12685                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total           12727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        12685                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total          12727                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     80125542                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9343683614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9423809156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     80125542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9343683614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9423809156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     80125542                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9343683614                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9423809156                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.294787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295461                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.293648                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294320                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.293648                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294320                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1907751                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 736593.111076                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 740458.014929                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1907751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 736593.111076                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 740458.014929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1907751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 736593.111076                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 740458.014929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                        12745                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.442165                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         195667                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                        14793                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        13.226999                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.947359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     5.159431                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1529.241926                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data         486.093449                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.002519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.746700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.237350                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        30373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                 30375                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9772                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                9772                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          165                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                 165                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        30538                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                  30540                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        30538                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                 30540                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        12698                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total               12741                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        12698                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                12741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        12698                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total               12741                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     73024826                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  10320996480                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   10394021306                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     73024826                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  10320996480                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total    10394021306                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     73024826                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  10320996480                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total   10394021306                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        43071                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total             43116                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9772                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total            9772                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          165                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total             165                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        43236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total              43281                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           45                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        43236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total             43281                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.294816                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.295505                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.293690                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.294379                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.293690                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.294379                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1698251.767442                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 812804.888959                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 815793.211365                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1698251.767442                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 812804.888959                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 815793.211365                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1698251.767442                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 812804.888959                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 815793.211365                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks               5590                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                    5590                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l204.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l204.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l204.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l204.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        12697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          12740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        12697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total           12740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        12697                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total          12740                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     69247500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   9203803076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9273050576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     69247500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   9203803076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9273050576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     69247500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   9203803076                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9273050576                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.294792                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295482                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.293667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294355                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.293667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294355                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1610406.976744                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 724880.135150                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727868.962009                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1610406.976744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 724880.135150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727868.962009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1610406.976744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 724880.135150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727868.962009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                        12744                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.442559                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         195644                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                        14792                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        13.226339                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.948193                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     5.149742                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1529.324995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data         486.019628                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.002515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.746741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.237314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        30355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                 30357                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9767                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                9767                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          165                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                 165                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        30520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                  30522                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        30520                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                 30522                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        12697                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total               12740                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        12697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                12740                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        12697                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total               12740                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     91109024                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  10400218213                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   10491327237                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     91109024                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  10400218213                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total    10491327237                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     91109024                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  10400218213                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total   10491327237                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        43052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total             43097                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9767                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total            9767                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          165                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total             165                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        43217                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total              43262                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           45                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        43217                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total             43262                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.294922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.295612                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.293796                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.294485                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.293796                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.294485                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2118814.511628                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 819108.310073                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 823495.073548                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2118814.511628                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 819108.310073                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 823495.073548                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2118814.511628                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 819108.310073                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 823495.073548                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks               5588                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                    5588                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l205.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l205.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l205.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l205.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        12696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          12739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        12696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total           12739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        12696                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total          12739                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     87333624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   9283039730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9370373354                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     87333624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   9283039730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9370373354                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     87333624                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   9283039730                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9370373354                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.294899                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295589                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.293773                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294462                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.293773                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294462                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2031014.511628                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 731178.302615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 735565.849282                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2031014.511628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 731178.302615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 735565.849282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2031014.511628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 731178.302615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 735565.849282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                        30914                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.602828                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         166290                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                        32962                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                         5.044900                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.189250                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     3.843365                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1659.355772                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data         372.214440                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.001877                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.810232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.181745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        38857                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                 38858                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8075                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                8075                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          101                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                 101                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        38958                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                  38959                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        38958                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                 38959                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        30837                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total               30876                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total                28                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        30865                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                30904                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        30865                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total               30904                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     54984616                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  28778462563                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   28833447179                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     26911158                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     26911158                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     54984616                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  28805373721                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total    28860358337                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     54984616                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  28805373721                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total   28860358337                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        69694                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total             69734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8075                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total            8075                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          129                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total             129                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        69823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total              69863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        69823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total             69863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.442463                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.442768                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.217054                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.217054                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.442046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.442351                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.442046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.442351                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1409861.948718                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 933244.562149                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 933846.585665                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 961112.785714                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 961112.785714                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1409861.948718                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 933269.843544                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 933871.289704                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1409861.948718                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 933269.843544                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 933871.289704                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks               4607                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                    4607                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        30837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          30876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        30865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total           30904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        30865                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total          30904                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     51558419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  26070202872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  26121761291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     24451975                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24451975                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     51558419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  26094654847                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  26146213266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     51558419                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  26094654847                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  26146213266                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.442463                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442768                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.217054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.217054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.442046                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442351                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.442046                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442351                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1322010.743590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 845419.556766                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 846021.547189                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 873284.821429                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 873284.821429                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1322010.743590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 845444.835477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 846046.248576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1322010.743590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 845444.835477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 846046.248576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                        36551                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.939335                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         205471                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                        38599                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                         5.323221                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.545981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     1.901580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1821.738010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data         220.753765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.889521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.107790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        42858                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                 42859                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks          13651                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total               13651                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                  28                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        42886                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                  42887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        42886                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                 42887                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        36461                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total               36504                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           47                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::total                47                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        36508                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                36551                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        36508                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total               36551                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     61626922                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  34453584334                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   34515211256                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     73736542                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     73736542                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     61626922                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  34527320876                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total    34588947798                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     61626922                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  34527320876                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total   34588947798                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        79319                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total             79363                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        13651                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total           13651                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total              75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        79394                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total              79438                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        79394                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total             79438                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.977273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.459675                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.459962                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.626667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.626667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.977273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.459833                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.460120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.977273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.459833                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.460120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1433184.232558                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 944943.483009                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 945518.607714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1568862.595745                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1568862.595745                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1433184.232558                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 945746.709653                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 946320.149873                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1433184.232558                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 945746.709653                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 946320.149873                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks               5731                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                    5731                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        36461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          36504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           47                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        36508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total           36551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        36508                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total          36551                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     57850638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  31252077044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31309927682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     69609003                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69609003                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     57850638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  31321686047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31379536685                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     57850638                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  31321686047                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31379536685                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.459675                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.459962                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.626667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.626667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.459833                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.459833                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1345363.674419                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 857137.134034                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 857712.242001                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1481042.617021                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1481042.617021                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1345363.674419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 857940.343130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 858513.766655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1345363.674419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 857940.343130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 858513.766655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                        36577                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.935775                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         205398                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                        38625                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                         5.317748                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.716552                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     1.849758                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1822.007314                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data         220.362150                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001815                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.889652                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.107599                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        42798                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                 42799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks          13638                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total               13638                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                  30                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        42828                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                  42829                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        42828                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                 42829                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        36486                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total               36530                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           47                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total                47                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        36533                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                36577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        36533                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total               36577                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     72593132                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  34620229205                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   34692822337                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     74011242                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     74011242                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     72593132                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  34694240447                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total    34766833579                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     72593132                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  34694240447                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total   34766833579                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        79284                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total             79329                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        13638                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total           13638                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           77                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total              77                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        79361                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total              79406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           45                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        79361                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total             79406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.977778                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.460194                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.460487                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.610390                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.610390                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.977778                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.460339                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.460633                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.977778                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.460339                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.460633                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1649843.909091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 948863.377871                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 949707.701533                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1574707.276596                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1574707.276596                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1649843.909091                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 949668.531109                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 950510.801296                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1649843.909091                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 949668.531109                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 950510.801296                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks               5737                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                    5737                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        36486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          36530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           47                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        36533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total           36577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        36533                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total          36577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     68729932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  31416274341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31485004273                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     69883956                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69883956                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     68729932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  31486158297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31554888229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     68729932                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  31486158297                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31554888229                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.977778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.460194                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460487                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.610390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.610390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.977778                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.460339                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460633                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.977778                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.460339                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460633                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1562043.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 861050.110755                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 861894.450397                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1486892.680851                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1486892.680851                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1562043.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 861855.262283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 862697.548432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1562043.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 861855.262283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 862697.548432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                        36444                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.936752                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         205288                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                        38492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                         5.333264                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.547181                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     1.798714                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1823.346360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data         219.244497                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.890306                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.107053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        42712                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                 42713                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks          13614                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total               13614                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                  28                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        42740                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                  42741                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        42740                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                 42741                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        36356                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total               36397                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           47                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total                47                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        36403                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                36444                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        36403                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total               36444                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     70721102                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  34945527093                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   35016248195                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     71787886                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     71787886                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     70721102                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  35017314979                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total    35088036081                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     70721102                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  35017314979                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total   35088036081                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        79068                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total             79110                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        13614                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total           13614                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total              75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        79143                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total              79185                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        79143                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total             79185                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.459807                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.460081                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.626667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.626667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.459965                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.460239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.459965                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.460239                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1724904.926829                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 961203.847866                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 962064.131522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1527401.829787                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1527401.829787                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1724904.926829                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 961934.867429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 962793.219213                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1724904.926829                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 961934.867429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 962793.219213                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks               5732                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                    5732                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        36356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          36397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           47                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        36403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total           36444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        36403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total          36444                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     67107802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  31751687778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31818795580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     67660411                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67660411                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     67107802                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  31819348189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31886455991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     67107802                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  31819348189                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31886455991                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.459807                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460081                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.626667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.626667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.459965                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460239                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.459965                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460239                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1636775.658537                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 873354.818407                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 874214.786383                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1439583.212766                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1439583.212766                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1636775.658537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 874085.877235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 874943.913703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1636775.658537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 874085.877235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 874943.913703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                        19153                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.838092                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         160855                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                        21201                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                         7.587142                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.618675                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     2.535914                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1671.805212                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data         344.878291                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.001238                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.816311                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.168398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        36375                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                 36376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6543                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                6543                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           74                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                  74                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        36449                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                  36450                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        36449                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                 36450                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        19118                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total               19152                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        19118                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                19152                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        19118                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total               19152                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     62011487                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  14969723712                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15031735199                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     62011487                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  14969723712                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total    15031735199                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     62011487                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  14969723712                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total   15031735199                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        55493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total             55528                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6543                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total            6543                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           74                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total              74                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        55567                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total              55602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        55567                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total             55602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.344512                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.344907                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.344053                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.344448                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.344053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.344448                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1823867.264706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 783017.246155                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 784865.037542                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1823867.264706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 783017.246155                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 784865.037542                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1823867.264706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 783017.246155                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 784865.037542                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks               2549                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                    2549                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        19118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          19152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        19118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total           19152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        19118                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total          19152                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     59026287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  13290938335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13349964622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     59026287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  13290938335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13349964622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     59026287                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  13290938335                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13349964622                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.344512                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344907                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.344053                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344448                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.344053                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344448                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1736067.264706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 695205.478345                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 697053.290622                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1736067.264706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 695205.478345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 697053.290622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1736067.264706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 695205.478345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 697053.290622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                        36446                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.936723                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         205358                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                        38494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                         5.334805                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.538550                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     1.719729                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1822.131144                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data         220.547300                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.889712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.107689                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        42788                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                 42789                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks          13608                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total               13608                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                  28                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        42816                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                  42817                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        42816                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                 42817                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        36360                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total               36399                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           47                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::total                47                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        36407                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                36446                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        36407                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total               36446                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     57655965                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  34684902565                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   34742558530                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     74337179                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     74337179                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     57655965                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  34759239744                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total    34816895709                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     57655965                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  34759239744                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total   34816895709                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        79148                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total             79188                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        13608                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total           13608                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total              75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        79223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total              79263                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        79223                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total             79263                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.459393                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.459653                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.626667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.626667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.459551                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.459811                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.459551                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.459811                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1478358.076923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 953930.213559                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 954492.115992                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1581642.106383                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1581642.106383                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1478358.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 954740.564836                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 955300.875514                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1478358.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 954740.564836                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 955300.875514                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks               5727                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                    5727                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        36360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          36399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           47                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        36407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total           36446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        36407                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total          36446                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     54231765                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  31491638647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31545870412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     70209375                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     70209375                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     54231765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  31561848022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31616079787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     54231765                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  31561848022                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31616079787                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.459393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.459653                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.626667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.626667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.459551                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.459811                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.459551                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.459811                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1390558.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 866106.673460                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 866668.601115                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1493816.489362                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1493816.489362                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1390558.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 866917.022056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 867477.357927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1390558.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 866917.022056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 867477.357927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                        12703                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.445244                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         195568                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                        14751                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        13.257949                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.947898                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     5.008621                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1529.393479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data         486.095247                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.002446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.746774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.237351                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        30303                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                 30305                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9743                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                9743                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          164                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                 164                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        30467                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                  30469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        30467                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                 30469                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        12656                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total               12699                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        12656                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                12699                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        12656                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total               12699                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    113606461                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  10553882934                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   10667489395                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    113606461                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  10553882934                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total    10667489395                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    113606461                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  10553882934                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total   10667489395                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        42959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total             43004                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9743                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total            9743                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          164                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total             164                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        43123                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total              43168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           45                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        43123                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total             43168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.294606                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.295298                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.293486                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.294176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.293486                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.294176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2642010.720930                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 833903.518805                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 840025.938657                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2642010.720930                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 833903.518805                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 840025.938657                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2642010.720930                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 833903.518805                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 840025.938657                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks               5566                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                    5566                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l212.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l212.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l212.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l212.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        12655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          12698                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        12655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total           12698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        12655                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total          12698                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    109831061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9440795107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9550626168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    109831061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9440795107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9550626168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    109831061                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9440795107                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9550626168                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.294583                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295275                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.293463                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294153                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.293463                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294153                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2554210.720930                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 746013.046780                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 752136.255158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2554210.720930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 746013.046780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 752136.255158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2554210.720930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 746013.046780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 752136.255158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                        30996                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.607106                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         166325                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                        33044                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                         5.033440                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.036125                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     3.959161                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1659.875995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data         371.735825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005877                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.001933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.810486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.181512                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        38880                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                 38881                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8086                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                8086                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          101                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                 101                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        38981                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                  38982                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        38981                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                 38982                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        30919                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total               30961                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           27                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::total                27                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        30946                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                30988                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        30946                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total               30988                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     75223272                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  28582640205                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   28657863477                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     23309491                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     23309491                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     75223272                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  28605949696                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total    28681172968                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     75223272                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  28605949696                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total   28681172968                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        69799                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total             69842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8086                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total            8086                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          128                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total             128                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        69927                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total              69970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        69927                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total             69970                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.976744                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.442972                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.443301                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.210938                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.210938                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.976744                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.442547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.442876                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.976744                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.442547                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.442876                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1791030.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 924436.113878                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 925611.688156                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 863314.481481                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 863314.481481                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1791030.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 924382.786014                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 925557.408287                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1791030.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 924382.786014                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 925557.408287                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks               4619                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                    4619                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        30919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          30961                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           27                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        30946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total           30988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        30946                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total          30988                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     71535672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  25867611251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  25939146923                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     20937892                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     20937892                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     71535672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  25888549143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  25960084815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     71535672                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  25888549143                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  25960084815                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.976744                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.442972                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443301                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.210938                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.210938                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.976744                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.442547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442876                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.976744                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.442547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442876                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1703230.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 836625.093017                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 837800.682245                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 775477.481481                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 775477.481481                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1703230.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 836571.742487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 837746.379728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1703230.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 836571.742487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 837746.379728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                        19103                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.837188                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         160838                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                        21151                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                         7.604274                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.548323                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     2.399069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1673.301890                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data         342.587907                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.001171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.817042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.167279                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        36284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                 36285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6617                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                6617                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           72                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                  72                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        36356                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                  36357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        36356                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                 36357                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19070                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total               19103                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19070                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                19103                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19070                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total               19103                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     55632740                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  15173320936                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15228953676                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     55632740                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  15173320936                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total    15228953676                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     55632740                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  15173320936                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total   15228953676                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        55354                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total             55388                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6617                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total            6617                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           72                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total              72                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        55426                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total              55460                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        55426                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total             55460                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.344510                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.344894                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.344062                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.344446                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.344062                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.344446                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1685840.606061                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 795664.443419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 797202.202586                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1685840.606061                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 795664.443419                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 797202.202586                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1685840.606061                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 795664.443419                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 797202.202586                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks               2541                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                    2541                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          19103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total           19103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19070                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total          19103                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     52734191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  13498575133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13551309324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     52734191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  13498575133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13551309324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     52734191                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  13498575133                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13551309324                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.344510                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344894                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.344062                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344446                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.344062                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344446                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1598005.787879                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 707843.478395                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 709381.213631                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1598005.787879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 707843.478395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 709381.213631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1598005.787879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 707843.478395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 709381.213631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                         9098                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.232195                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         218034                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                        11146                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        19.561636                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.078421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     4.862482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1403.448279                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data         600.843012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018593                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.002374                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.685277                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.293380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        29805                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                 29807                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9297                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                9297                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          225                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                 225                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        30030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                  30032                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        30030                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                 30032                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         9064                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                9098                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         9064                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                 9098                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         9064                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                9098                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    101848276                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   7313023570                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7414871846                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    101848276                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   7313023570                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total     7414871846                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    101848276                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   7313023570                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total    7414871846                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        38869                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total             38905                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9297                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total            9297                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          225                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total             225                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        39094                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total              39130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        39094                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total             39130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.233194                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.233852                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.231851                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.232507                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.231851                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.232507                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2995537.529412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 806820.782215                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 815000.202902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2995537.529412                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 806820.782215                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 815000.202902                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2995537.529412                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 806820.782215                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 815000.202902                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks               4787                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                    4787                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         9064                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           9098                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         9064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total            9098                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         9064                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total           9098                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     98862418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   6517111557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6615973975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     98862418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   6517111557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6615973975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     98862418                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   6517111557                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6615973975                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.233194                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233852                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.231851                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232507                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.231851                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232507                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2907718.176471                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 719010.542476                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727189.929105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2907718.176471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 719010.542476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727189.929105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2907718.176471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 719010.542476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727189.929105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              518.289588                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1012181587                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1950253.539499                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    36.289588                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.058156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12173495                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12173495                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12173495                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       12173495                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12173495                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      12173495                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    114625531                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    114625531                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    114625531                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    114625531                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    114625531                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    114625531                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12173546                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12173546                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12173546                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     12173546                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12173546                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     12173546                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2247559.431373                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2247559.431373                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2247559.431373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2247559.431373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2247559.431373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2247559.431373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     81115198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     81115198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     81115198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     81115198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     81115198                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     81115198                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2192302.648649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2192302.648649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2192302.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2192302.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2192302.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2192302.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                56204                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              172662098                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                56460                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              3058.131385                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   233.819121                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    22.180879                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.913356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.086644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      8584009                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8584009                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      7259358                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7259358                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        17761                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17761                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        16710                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16710                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15843367                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       15843367                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15843367                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      15843367                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       191752                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       191752                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         5520                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5520                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       197272                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       197272                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       197272                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       197272                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  81156673535                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  81156673535                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3499232563                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3499232563                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  84655906098                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  84655906098                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  84655906098                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  84655906098                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      8775761                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8775761                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      7264878                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7264878                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        17761                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17761                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        16710                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16710                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     16040639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16040639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     16040639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16040639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.021850                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021850                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000760                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000760                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012298                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012298                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012298                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012298                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 423237.690011                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 423237.690011                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 633918.942572                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 633918.942572                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 429132.903291                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 429132.903291                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 429132.903291                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 429132.903291                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     48682365                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets            92                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 529156.141304                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        19892                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total           19892                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       135708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       135708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         5360                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5360                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       141068                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       141068                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       141068                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       141068                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        56044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        56044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        56204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        56204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        56204                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56204                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  19375561261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19375561261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     12698120                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12698120                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  19388259381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19388259381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  19388259381                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19388259381                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006386                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006386                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003504                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003504                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003504                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003504                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 345720.527817                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 345720.527817                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 79363.250000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79363.250000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 344962.269251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 344962.269251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 344962.269251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 344962.269251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              489.716311                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1015014251                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             2067238.800407                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    34.716311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.055635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.784802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     13225293                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13225293                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     13225293                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       13225293                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     13225293                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      13225293                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    139388577                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    139388577                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    139388577                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    139388577                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    139388577                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    139388577                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     13225340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13225340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     13225340                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     13225340                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     13225340                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     13225340                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2965714.404255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2965714.404255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2965714.404255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2965714.404255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2965714.404255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2965714.404255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2595349                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 865116.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     96103170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     96103170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     96103170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     96103170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     96103170                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     96103170                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2669532.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2669532.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2669532.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2669532.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2669532.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2669532.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                39087                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              165466072                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                39343                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              4205.730931                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   233.560745                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    22.439255                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.912347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.087653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data     10550127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      10550127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      7839486                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7839486                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        20434                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20434                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        19067                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        19067                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     18389613                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       18389613                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     18389613                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      18389613                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       100645                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       100645                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2292                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2292                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       102937                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       102937                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       102937                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       102937                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  22650879403                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22650879403                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    147758063                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    147758063                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  22798637466                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22798637466                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  22798637466                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22798637466                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     10650772                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10650772                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      7841778                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7841778                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        20434                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20434                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        19067                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        19067                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     18492550                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18492550                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     18492550                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18492550                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009450                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009450                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000292                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000292                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 225057.175250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 225057.175250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 64466.868674                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64466.868674                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 221481.464061                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 221481.464061                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 221481.464061                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 221481.464061                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           27                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    13.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9302                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            9302                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        61784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        61784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2066                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2066                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        63850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        63850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        63850                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        63850                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        38861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        38861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          226                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          226                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        39087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        39087                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39087                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   9446576354                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9446576354                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     16498756                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16498756                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   9463075110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9463075110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   9463075110                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9463075110                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003649                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003649                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 243086.290986                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243086.290986                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 73003.345133                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73003.345133                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 242102.875892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242102.875892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 242102.875892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242102.875892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              559.516449                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              931106171                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1656772.546263                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    33.483192                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   526.033257                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.053659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.843002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12408988                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12408988                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12408988                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       12408988                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12408988                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      12408988                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     73550383                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     73550383                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     73550383                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     73550383                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     73550383                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     73550383                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12409038                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12409038                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12409038                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     12409038                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12409038                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     12409038                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1471007.660000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1471007.660000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1471007.660000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1471007.660000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1471007.660000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1471007.660000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     59365025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59365025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     59365025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59365025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     59365025                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59365025                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1696143.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1696143.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1696143.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1696143.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1696143.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1696143.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                55471                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              224832157                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                55727                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              4034.528272                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   202.782783                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    53.217217                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.792120                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.207880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data     18232383                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18232383                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      3513644                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3513644                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         8330                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8330                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         8246                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8246                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     21746027                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       21746027                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     21746027                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      21746027                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       195940                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       195940                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          303                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          303                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       196243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       196243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       196243                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       196243                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  86620774146                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  86620774146                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     26120375                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     26120375                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  86646894521                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  86646894521                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  86646894521                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  86646894521                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     18428323                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18428323                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      3513947                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3513947                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         8330                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8330                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         8246                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8246                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     21942270                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21942270                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     21942270                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21942270                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.010633                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010633                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008944                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008944                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008944                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008944                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 442078.055252                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 442078.055252                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 86205.858086                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86205.858086                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 441528.587114                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 441528.587114                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 441528.587114                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 441528.587114                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6538                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            6538                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       140539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       140539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          233                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          233                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       140772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       140772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       140772                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       140772                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        55401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        55471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        55471                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55471                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  17557722048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17557722048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      4567815                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4567815                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  17562289863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17562289863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  17562289863                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17562289863                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003006                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003006                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 316920.670168                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316920.670168                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 65254.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65254.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 316603.087433                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316603.087433                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 316603.087433                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316603.087433                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              518.032502                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1011551112                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1949038.751445                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    43.032502                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.068962                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12855277                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12855277                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12855277                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       12855277                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12855277                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      12855277                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           65                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           65                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           65                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           65                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           65                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           65                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    119818074                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    119818074                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    119818074                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    119818074                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    119818074                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    119818074                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12855342                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12855342                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12855342                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     12855342                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12855342                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     12855342                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1843354.984615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1843354.984615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1843354.984615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1843354.984615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1843354.984615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1843354.984615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     84297432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     84297432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     84297432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     84297432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     84297432                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     84297432                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1915850.727273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1915850.727273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1915850.727273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1915850.727273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1915850.727273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1915850.727273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                43198                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              167236021                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                43454                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              3848.575988                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   233.437762                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    22.562238                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.911866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.088134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      8852437                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8852437                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      7450824                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7450824                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        19193                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19193                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        17941                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17941                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     16303261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       16303261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     16303261                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      16303261                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       138322                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       138322                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          995                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          995                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       139317                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       139317                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       139317                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       139317                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  46995575366                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  46995575366                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     83860455                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     83860455                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  47079435821                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  47079435821                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  47079435821                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  47079435821                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      8990759                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8990759                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      7451819                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7451819                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        19193                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19193                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        17941                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17941                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     16442578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16442578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     16442578                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16442578                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.015385                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015385                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008473                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008473                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008473                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008473                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 339754.886179                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 339754.886179                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 84281.864322                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84281.864322                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 337930.301550                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 337930.301550                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 337930.301550                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 337930.301550                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9762                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            9762                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        95291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        95291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          828                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          828                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        96119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        96119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        96119                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        96119                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        43031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        43031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          167                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          167                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        43198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        43198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        43198                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        43198                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  12542192986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12542192986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     10766096                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10766096                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  12552959082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12552959082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  12552959082                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12552959082                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 291468.777997                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291468.777997                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 64467.640719                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64467.640719                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 290591.209825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 290591.209825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 290591.209825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 290591.209825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              518.670039                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1011567680                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1945322.461538                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    43.670039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.069984                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.831202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12871845                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12871845                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12871845                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       12871845                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12871845                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      12871845                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     99013590                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     99013590                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     99013590                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     99013590                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     99013590                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     99013590                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12871906                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12871906                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12871906                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     12871906                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12871906                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     12871906                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1623173.606557                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1623173.606557                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1623173.606557                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1623173.606557                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1623173.606557                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1623173.606557                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     73517086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     73517086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     73517086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     73517086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     73517086                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     73517086                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1633713.022222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1633713.022222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1633713.022222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1633713.022222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1633713.022222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1633713.022222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                43236                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              167250574                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                43492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              3845.548009                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   233.434555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    22.565445                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.911854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.088146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      8859807                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8859807                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      7457660                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7457660                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        19525                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19525                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        17956                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17956                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     16317467                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       16317467                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     16317467                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      16317467                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       138604                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       138604                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          981                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          981                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       139585                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       139585                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       139585                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       139585                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  46614014360                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  46614014360                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     82796676                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     82796676                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  46696811036                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  46696811036                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  46696811036                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  46696811036                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      8998411                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8998411                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      7458641                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7458641                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        19525                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19525                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        17956                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17956                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     16457052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16457052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     16457052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16457052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.015403                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015403                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008482                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008482                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008482                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008482                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 336310.743990                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 336310.743990                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 84400.281346                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84400.281346                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 334540.323359                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 334540.323359                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 334540.323359                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 334540.323359                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9772                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            9772                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        95533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        95533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          816                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          816                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        96349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        96349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        96349                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        96349                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        43071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        43071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          165                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          165                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        43236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        43236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        43236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        43236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  12406499287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12406499287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     10661644                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10661644                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  12417160931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12417160931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  12417160931                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12417160931                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 288047.625711                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288047.625711                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 64616.024242                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64616.024242                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 287194.951684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287194.951684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 287194.951684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287194.951684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              518.742286                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1011557044                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1945302.007692                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    43.742286                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.070100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.831318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12861209                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12861209                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12861209                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       12861209                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12861209                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      12861209                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    118407452                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    118407452                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    118407452                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    118407452                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    118407452                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    118407452                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12861268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12861268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12861268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     12861268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12861268                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     12861268                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2006905.966102                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2006905.966102                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2006905.966102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2006905.966102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2006905.966102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2006905.966102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       237962                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       237962                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     91618763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     91618763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     91618763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     91618763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     91618763                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     91618763                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2035972.511111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2035972.511111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2035972.511111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2035972.511111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2035972.511111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2035972.511111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                43217                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              167240852                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                43473                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              3847.005084                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   233.432148                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    22.567852                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.911844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.088156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      8854802                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8854802                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      7453171                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7453171                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        19307                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19307                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        17946                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17946                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     16307973                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       16307973                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     16307973                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      16307973                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       138362                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       138362                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          981                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          981                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       139343                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       139343                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       139343                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       139343                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  46691038355                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  46691038355                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     82642814                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     82642814                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  46773681169                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  46773681169                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  46773681169                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  46773681169                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      8993164                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8993164                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      7454152                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7454152                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        19307                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19307                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        17946                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17946                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     16447316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16447316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     16447316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16447316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.015385                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015385                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008472                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008472                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008472                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008472                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 337455.647902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 337455.647902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 84243.439348                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84243.439348                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 335672.988015                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 335672.988015                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 335672.988015                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 335672.988015                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9767                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            9767                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        95310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        95310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          816                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          816                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        96126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        96126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        96126                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        96126                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        43052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        43052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          165                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          165                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        43217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        43217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        43217                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        43217                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  12484515609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12484515609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     10646566                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10646566                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  12495162175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12495162175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  12495162175                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12495162175                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002628                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002628                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002628                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002628                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 289986.890481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 289986.890481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 64524.642424                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64524.642424                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 289126.088692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 289126.088692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 289126.088692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 289126.088692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              528.596041                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1016291106                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1917530.388679                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    38.596041                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.061853                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.847109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11833061                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11833061                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11833061                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       11833061                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11833061                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      11833061                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           64                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           64                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           64                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           64                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           64                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           64                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     83618972                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     83618972                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     83618972                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     83618972                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     83618972                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     83618972                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11833125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11833125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11833125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     11833125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11833125                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     11833125                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1306546.437500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1306546.437500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1306546.437500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1306546.437500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1306546.437500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1306546.437500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     55374862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55374862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     55374862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     55374862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     55374862                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     55374862                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1384371.550000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1384371.550000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1384371.550000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1384371.550000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1384371.550000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1384371.550000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                69823                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              180688725                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                70079                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              2578.357639                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   234.121284                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    21.878716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.914536                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.085464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      8200196                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8200196                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      6793108                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6793108                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        19506                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19506                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        15850                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15850                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     14993304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       14993304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     14993304                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      14993304                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       181438                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       181438                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          966                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          966                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       182404                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       182404                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       182404                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       182404                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  79461422143                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  79461422143                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    389509271                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    389509271                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  79850931414                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  79850931414                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  79850931414                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  79850931414                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      8381634                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8381634                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      6794074                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6794074                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        19506                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19506                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        15850                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15850                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     15175708                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15175708                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     15175708                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15175708                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021647                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021647                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000142                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000142                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 437953.582728                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 437953.582728                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 403218.707039                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 403218.707039                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 437769.629032                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 437769.629032                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 437769.629032                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 437769.629032                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       157195                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       157195                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8075                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            8075                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       111744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       111744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          837                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          837                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       112581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       112581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       112581                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       112581                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        69694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        69694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          129                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          129                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        69823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        69823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        69823                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        69823                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  31586430177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31586430177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     33658069                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33658069                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  31620088246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31620088246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  31620088246                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31620088246                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008315                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008315                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 453215.917826                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453215.917826                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 260915.263566                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 260915.263566                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 452860.636839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 452860.636839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 452860.636839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 452860.636839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              581.918625                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1041186268                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  587                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1773741.512777                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    41.584914                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   540.333712                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.066642                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.865919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.932562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11603487                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11603487                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11603487                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       11603487                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11603487                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      11603487                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     86274962                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     86274962                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     86274962                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     86274962                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     86274962                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     86274962                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11603547                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11603547                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11603547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     11603547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11603547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     11603547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1437916.033333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1437916.033333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1437916.033333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1437916.033333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1437916.033333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1437916.033333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     62048864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62048864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     62048864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     62048864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     62048864                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     62048864                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1410201.454545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1410201.454545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1410201.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1410201.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1410201.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1410201.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                79394                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              448543412                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                79650                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              5631.430157                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   111.910128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   144.089872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.437149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.562851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data     30357129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      30357129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data     16625803                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     16625803                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         8124                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8124                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         8112                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8112                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     46982932                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       46982932                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     46982932                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      46982932                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       291102                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       291102                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          286                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          286                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       291388                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       291388                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       291388                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       291388                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 142916737646                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 142916737646                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    267404197                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    267404197                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 143184141843                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 143184141843                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 143184141843                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 143184141843                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     30648231                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30648231                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     16626089                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     16626089                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         8124                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8124                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         8112                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8112                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     47274320                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     47274320                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     47274320                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     47274320                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009498                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009498                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006164                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006164                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006164                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006164                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 490950.723959                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 490950.723959                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 934979.709790                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 934979.709790                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 491386.542490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 491386.542490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 491386.542490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 491386.542490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        13651                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total           13651                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       211783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       211783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       211994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       211994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       211994                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       211994                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        79319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        79319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        79394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        79394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        79394                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        79394                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  37683568261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  37683568261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     75971846                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     75971846                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  37759540107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  37759540107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  37759540107                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  37759540107                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 475088.796644                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 475088.796644                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1012957.946667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1012957.946667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 475596.897839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 475596.897839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 475596.897839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 475596.897839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              583.596805                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1041173100                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  588                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1770702.551020                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    42.559784                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   541.037021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.068205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.867047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.935251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11590319                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11590319                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11590319                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       11590319                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11590319                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      11590319                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    100139527                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    100139527                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    100139527                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    100139527                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    100139527                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    100139527                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11590382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11590382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11590382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     11590382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11590382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     11590382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1589516.301587                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1589516.301587                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1589516.301587                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1589516.301587                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1589516.301587                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1589516.301587                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     73023904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     73023904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     73023904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     73023904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     73023904                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     73023904                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1622753.422222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1622753.422222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1622753.422222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1622753.422222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1622753.422222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1622753.422222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                79361                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              448507293                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                79617                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              5633.310637                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   111.909100                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   144.090900                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.437145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.562855                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data     30338591                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      30338591                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data     16608240                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     16608240                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         8114                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8114                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         8104                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8104                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     46946831                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       46946831                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     46946831                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      46946831                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       290954                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       290954                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          311                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          311                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       291265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       291265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       291265                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       291265                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 143446142082                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 143446142082                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    285015115                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    285015115                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 143731157197                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 143731157197                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 143731157197                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 143731157197                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     30629545                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30629545                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     16608551                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     16608551                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         8114                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8114                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         8104                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8104                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     47238096                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     47238096                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     47238096                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     47238096                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009499                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009499                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 493020.003444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 493020.003444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 916447.315113                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 916447.315113                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 493472.120567                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 493472.120567                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 493472.120567                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 493472.120567                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1294766                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets      1294766                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        13638                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total           13638                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       211670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       211670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          234                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          234                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       211904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       211904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       211904                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       211904                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        79284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        79284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           77                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           77                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        79361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        79361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        79361                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        79361                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  37846458615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  37846458615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     76397638                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76397638                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  37922856253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  37922856253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  37922856253                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  37922856253                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001680                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001680                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001680                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001680                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 477353.042417                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 477353.042417                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 992177.116883                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 992177.116883                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 477852.550409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 477852.550409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 477852.550409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 477852.550409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              581.330156                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1041144052                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  585                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1779733.422222                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    40.293292                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   541.036864                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.064573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.867046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.931619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11561271                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11561271                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11561271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       11561271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11561271                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      11561271                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     94354934                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     94354934                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     94354934                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     94354934                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     94354934                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     94354934                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11561333                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11561333                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11561333                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     11561333                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11561333                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     11561333                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1521853.774194                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1521853.774194                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1521853.774194                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1521853.774194                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1521853.774194                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1521853.774194                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        81124                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        81124                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     71141844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71141844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     71141844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     71141844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     71141844                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     71141844                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1693853.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1693853.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1693853.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1693853.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1693853.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1693853.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                79143                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              448393559                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                79399                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              5647.345168                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   111.910934                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   144.089066                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.437152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.562848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data     30261837                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      30261837                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data     16571288                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     16571288                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         8104                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8104                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         8086                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8086                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     46833125                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       46833125                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     46833125                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      46833125                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       290214                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       290214                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          310                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          310                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       290524                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       290524                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       290524                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       290524                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 144391325401                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 144391325401                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    287121689                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    287121689                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 144678447090                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 144678447090                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 144678447090                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 144678447090                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     30552051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30552051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     16571598                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     16571598                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         8104                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8104                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         8086                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8086                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     47123649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     47123649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     47123649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     47123649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009499                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009499                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006165                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006165                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 497533.976311                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 497533.976311                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 926198.996774                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 926198.996774                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 497991.377958                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 497991.377958                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 497991.377958                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 497991.377958                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       638507                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       638507                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        13614                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total           13614                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       211146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       211146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          235                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          235                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       211381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       211381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       211381                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       211381                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        79068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        79068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        79143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        79143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        79143                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        79143                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  38165092830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  38165092830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     74033680                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     74033680                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  38239126510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  38239126510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  38239126510                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  38239126510                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 482686.963500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 482686.963500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 987115.733333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 987115.733333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 483164.986291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 483164.986291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 483164.986291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 483164.986291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              558.512479                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              931114331                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1656787.065836                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    33.285244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   525.227235                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.053342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.841710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12417148                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12417148                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12417148                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       12417148                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12417148                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      12417148                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     88636439                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     88636439                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     88636439                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     88636439                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     88636439                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     88636439                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12417202                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12417202                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12417202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     12417202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12417202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     12417202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1641415.537037                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1641415.537037                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1641415.537037                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1641415.537037                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1641415.537037                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1641415.537037                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     62384633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62384633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     62384633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     62384633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     62384633                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     62384633                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1782418.085714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1782418.085714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1782418.085714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1782418.085714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1782418.085714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1782418.085714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                55567                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              224839622                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                55823                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              4027.723734                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   202.020222                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    53.979778                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.789141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.210859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data     18239157                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18239157                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      3514351                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3514351                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         8313                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8313                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         8247                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8247                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     21753508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       21753508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     21753508                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      21753508                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       195913                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       195913                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          335                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          335                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       196248                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       196248                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       196248                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       196248                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  86143226133                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  86143226133                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     28962422                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     28962422                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  86172188555                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  86172188555                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  86172188555                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  86172188555                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     18435070                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18435070                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      3514686                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3514686                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8313                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8313                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8247                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8247                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     21949756                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21949756                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     21949756                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21949756                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010627                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010627                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008941                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008941                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008941                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008941                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 439701.429374                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 439701.429374                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 86454.991045                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86454.991045                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 439098.429309                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 439098.429309                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 439098.429309                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 439098.429309                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6543                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            6543                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       140420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       140420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          261                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          261                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       140681                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       140681                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       140681                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       140681                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        55493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           74                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           74                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        55567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        55567                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55567                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  17513566722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17513566722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      4801843                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4801843                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  17518368565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17518368565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  17518368565                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17518368565                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 315599.566107                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 315599.566107                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 64889.770270                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64889.770270                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 315265.689438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 315265.689438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 315265.689438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 315265.689438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              579.407266                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1041162707                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1785870.852487                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    38.330613                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   541.076653                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.061427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.867110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.928537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11579926                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11579926                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11579926                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       11579926                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11579926                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      11579926                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     81301773                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     81301773                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     81301773                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     81301773                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     81301773                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     81301773                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11579982                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11579982                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11579982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     11579982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11579982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     11579982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1451817.375000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1451817.375000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1451817.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1451817.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1451817.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1451817.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     58044707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58044707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     58044707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     58044707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     58044707                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     58044707                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1451117.675000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1451117.675000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1451117.675000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1451117.675000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1451117.675000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1451117.675000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                79223                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              448450491                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                79479                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              5642.377118                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   111.910551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   144.089449                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.437151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.562849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     30302320                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      30302320                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     16587713                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     16587713                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8120                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8120                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8094                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8094                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     46890033                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       46890033                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     46890033                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      46890033                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       290252                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       290252                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          291                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          291                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       290543                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       290543                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       290543                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       290543                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 143700254748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 143700254748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    276725892                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    276725892                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 143976980640                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 143976980640                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 143976980640                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 143976980640                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     30592572                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30592572                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     16588004                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     16588004                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8120                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8120                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8094                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8094                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     47180576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     47180576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     47180576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     47180576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 495087.905503                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 495087.905503                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 950948.082474                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 950948.082474                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 495544.482710                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 495544.482710                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 495544.482710                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 495544.482710                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       638513                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       638513                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        13608                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total           13608                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       211104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       211104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          216                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          216                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       211320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       211320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       211320                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       211320                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        79148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        79148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        79223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        79223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        79223                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        79223                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  37909149582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  37909149582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     76572566                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76572566                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  37985722148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  37985722148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  37985722148                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  37985722148                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002587                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002587                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 478965.350761                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 478965.350761                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1020967.546667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1020967.546667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 479478.461406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 479478.461406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 479478.461406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 479478.461406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              519.143619                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1011538770                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1945266.865385                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    44.143619                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.070743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.831961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12842935                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12842935                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12842935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       12842935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12842935                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      12842935                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    131230356                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    131230356                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    131230356                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    131230356                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    131230356                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    131230356                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12842995                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12842995                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12842995                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     12842995                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12842995                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     12842995                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2187172.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2187172.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2187172.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2187172.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2187172.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2187172.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       837005                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 418502.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    114110289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    114110289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    114110289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    114110289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    114110289                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    114110289                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2535784.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2535784.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2535784.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2535784.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2535784.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2535784.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                43123                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              167212597                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                43379                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              3854.689988                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   233.431187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    22.568813                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.911841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.088159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      8839191                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8839191                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      7440730                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7440730                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        19133                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19133                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        17917                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17917                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     16279921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       16279921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     16279921                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      16279921                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       138066                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       138066                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          973                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          973                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       139039                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       139039                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       139039                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       139039                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  47188448971                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  47188448971                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     82253138                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     82253138                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  47270702109                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  47270702109                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  47270702109                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  47270702109                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      8977257                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8977257                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      7441703                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7441703                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        19133                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19133                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        17917                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17917                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     16418960                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16418960                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     16418960                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16418960                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.015380                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015380                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008468                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008468                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 341781.821527                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 341781.821527                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 84535.599178                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84535.599178                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 339981.603068                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 339981.603068                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 339981.603068                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 339981.603068                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9743                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            9743                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        95107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        95107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          809                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          809                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        95916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        95916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        95916                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        95916                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        42959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        42959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          164                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          164                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        43123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        43123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        43123                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        43123                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  12634461952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12634461952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     10597039                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10597039                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  12645058991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12645058991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  12645058991                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12645058991                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004785                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004785                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 294105.122372                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 294105.122372                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 64616.091463                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64616.091463                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 293232.358393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 293232.358393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 293232.358393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 293232.358393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              529.893332                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1016319430                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  533                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1906790.675422                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    40.793209                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   489.100123                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.065374                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.783814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.849188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11861385                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11861385                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11861385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       11861385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11861385                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      11861385                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    100504731                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    100504731                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    100504731                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    100504731                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    100504731                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    100504731                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11861446                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11861446                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11861446                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     11861446                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11861446                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     11861446                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1647618.540984                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1647618.540984                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1647618.540984                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1647618.540984                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1647618.540984                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1647618.540984                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     75652473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     75652473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     75652473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     75652473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     75652473                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     75652473                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1759359.837209                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1759359.837209                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1759359.837209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1759359.837209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1759359.837209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1759359.837209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                69925                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              180725641                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                70181                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              2575.136305                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   234.123251                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    21.876749                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.914544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.085456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      8220679                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8220679                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      6809396                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6809396                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        19614                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19614                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        15887                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15887                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     15030075                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       15030075                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     15030075                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      15030075                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       181900                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       181900                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          925                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          925                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       182825                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       182825                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       182825                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       182825                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  79352843049                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  79352843049                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    341003377                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    341003377                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  79693846426                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  79693846426                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  79693846426                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  79693846426                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      8402579                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8402579                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      6810321                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6810321                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        19614                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19614                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        15887                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15887                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     15212900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15212900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     15212900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15212900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.021648                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021648                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000136                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012018                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012018                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012018                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012018                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 436244.326822                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 436244.326822                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 368652.299459                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 368652.299459                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 435902.346101                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 435902.346101                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 435902.346101                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 435902.346101                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       325143                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 162571.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8086                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            8086                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       112101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       112101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          797                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          797                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       112898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       112898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       112898                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       112898                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        69799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        69799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          128                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          128                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        69927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        69927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        69927                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        69927                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  31392958785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31392958785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     30052023                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30052023                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  31423010808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31423010808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  31423010808                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31423010808                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008307                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008307                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004597                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004597                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 449762.300105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 449762.300105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 234781.429688                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 234781.429688                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 449368.781844                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 449368.781844                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 449368.781844                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 449368.781844                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              558.198480                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              931090825                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1659698.440285                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    32.165148                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   526.033333                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.051547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.843002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.894549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12393642                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12393642                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12393642                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       12393642                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12393642                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      12393642                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     64528475                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     64528475                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     64528475                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     64528475                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     64528475                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     64528475                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12393692                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12393692                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12393692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     12393692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12393692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     12393692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1290569.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1290569.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1290569.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1290569.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1290569.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1290569.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     56005448                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56005448                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     56005448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     56005448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     56005448                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     56005448                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1647219.058824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1647219.058824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1647219.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1647219.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1647219.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1647219.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                55425                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              224798088                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                55681                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              4037.249475                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   202.776255                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    53.223745                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.792095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.207905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data     18203341                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18203341                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      3508649                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3508649                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         8309                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8309                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         8235                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8235                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     21711990                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       21711990                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     21711990                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      21711990                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       195394                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       195394                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          319                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          319                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       195713                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       195713                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       195713                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       195713                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  87291032160                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  87291032160                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     27714304                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     27714304                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  87318746464                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  87318746464                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  87318746464                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  87318746464                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     18398735                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18398735                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      3508968                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3508968                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         8309                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8309                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         8235                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8235                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     21907703                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21907703                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     21907703                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21907703                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010620                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010620                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000091                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000091                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008934                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008934                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008934                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008934                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 446743.667462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 446743.667462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 86878.695925                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86878.695925                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 446157.109972                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 446157.109972                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 446157.109972                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 446157.109972                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6617                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            6617                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       140040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       140040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          247                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          247                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       140287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       140287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       140287                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       140287                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        55354                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55354                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        55426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        55426                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55426                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  17710522481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17710522481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      4718596                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4718596                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  17715241077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17715241077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  17715241077                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17715241077                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 319950.183925                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 319950.183925                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 65536.055556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65536.055556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 319619.692509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 319619.692509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 319619.692509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 319619.692509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              489.717333                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1015027960                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             2067266.720978                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    34.717333                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.055637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.784803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     13239002                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13239002                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     13239002                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       13239002                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     13239002                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      13239002                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    149623980                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    149623980                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    149623980                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    149623980                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    149623980                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    149623980                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     13239048                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13239048                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     13239048                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     13239048                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     13239048                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     13239048                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3252695.217391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3252695.217391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3252695.217391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3252695.217391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3252695.217391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3252695.217391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3234245                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 1078081.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    102284214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    102284214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    102284214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    102284214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    102284214                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    102284214                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2841228.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2841228.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2841228.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2841228.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2841228.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2841228.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                39094                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              165486564                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                39350                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              4205.503532                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   233.561690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    22.438310                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.912350                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.087650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data     10563241                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      10563241                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      7846854                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7846854                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        20426                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20426                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        19085                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        19085                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     18410095                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       18410095                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     18410095                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      18410095                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       100801                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       100801                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2274                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2274                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       103075                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       103075                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       103075                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       103075                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  22395066312                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22395066312                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    146804582                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    146804582                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  22541870894                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22541870894                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  22541870894                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22541870894                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     10664042                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10664042                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      7849128                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7849128                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        20426                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20426                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        19085                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        19085                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     18513170                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18513170                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     18513170                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18513170                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009452                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009452                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000290                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000290                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005568                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005568                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005568                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005568                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 222171.072827                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 222171.072827                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 64557.863676                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64557.863676                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 218693.872365                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 218693.872365                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 218693.872365                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 218693.872365                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9297                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            9297                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        61932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        61932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2049                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2049                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        63981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        63981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        63981                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        63981                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        38869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        38869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          225                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          225                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        39094                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39094                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        39094                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39094                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9326368609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9326368609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     16414172                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16414172                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9342782781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9342782781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9342782781                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9342782781                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 239943.621112                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239943.621112                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 72951.875556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72951.875556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 238982.523686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 238982.523686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 238982.523686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 238982.523686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
